[ { "Id": 3000, "CustomerId": 9833, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Cummeratastad", "street_name": "Shavonda Roads", "street_address": "850 William Hill", "zip_code": "21027-3291", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220706388590025", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "210ce Dreadnought Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 949.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220706388590025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-01T12:22:53.863", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-08-15T05:52:00", "OrderTotal": 949.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3001, "CustomerId": 9833, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Cummeratastad", "street_name": "Shavonda Roads", "street_address": "850 William Hill", "zip_code": "21027-3291", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230705407539008", "ASN": "717669621483", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Redondo Player Walnut Fingerboard Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Inspired by the iconic designs of Fender electric guitars, California Player \r\nacoustics evoke the west coast spirit of adventure and freedom, inviting \r\nmusicians to explore their individual creativity and disrupt the status quo.

\r\n
Crafted with an X-braced solid spruce top and sapele back and sides, the \r\ndreadnought body of the Redondo Player produces a deep, robust voice with \r\nexceptional projection and volume for a wide variety of musical settings. The \r\nnato neck is designed with an easy-to-play slim “C”-shaped profile, a 25.5\" \r\nscale length, and a tilt-back 6-in-line headstock for a distinctive look born \r\nfrom Fender’s electric guitar DNA. Other notable details include vintage-style \r\ntuning machines for smooth, accurate tuning, a GraphTech® NuBone® nut and saddle \r\nfor detailed harmonic character. With elegantly integrated controls for a sleek, \r\nmodern look, the onboard Fishman® Flex preamp system allows faithful \r\nreproduction of the guitar’s natural sound when plugged into an amplifier or \r\nrecording device.

\r\n
Bold, eye-catching and unique, California Series instruments make no \r\ncompromises, balancing effortless playability, superior sound, and standout \r\nstyle for those who aspire to play something different.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 349.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230705407539008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-11T13:37:06.627", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-08-26T16:24:00", "OrderTotal": 349.99, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3002, "CustomerId": 9833, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Cummeratastad", "street_name": "Shavonda Roads", "street_address": "850 William Hill", "zip_code": "21027-3291", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "12082817383832", "ASN": "815301000136", "Category": "DKZ", "Online": true, "ItemName": "MiniNova", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Novation", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
MiniNova is a compact, super-cool performance synth with the same sound engine as its big brother: the UltraNova. It comes with 256 incredible onboard sounds which you can tweak with 5 knobs, or totally warp with 8 'animate' buttons. MiniNova also has an onboard VocalTune effect as well as a classic vocoder so you can recreate iconic vocal sounds from Hip Hop, Urban and electronic music.

\r\n\r\n
What is MiniNova?
\r\n
MiniNova is a powerful mini-keys synth with incredible performance controls which enable you to tweak and warp the onboard sounds, and your own voice. It has the same synth-engine as its big brother - the UltraNova - and comes with 256 awesome sounds so you can get started straight away. If you want to dig deeper, it's got a fully editable Nova-class synth engine (derived from the legendary Supernova series in the 1990s).

\r\n
Is MiniNova for you?
\r\n
MiniNova's compact size, massive sound and performance/editing controls make it perfect for producers, gigging musicians and anyone creating music with computers - it can also be a 37 key controller keyboard with MIDI I/O. The VocalTune and vocoder enable you to recreate classic vocal effects, as well as brand new voice-bending possibilities!

\r\n\r\n
Choose your sound
\r\n
MiniNova has 256 onboard sounds and space to save another 128 of your own sounds. You can quickly search for sounds by selecting the type of music you're making, or the type of sound you're after whether it's bass, lead - hip hop or techno. MiniNova comes with a free software Patch Librarian so you can store as many sounds as you want on your computer. If 256 is not enough, there are numerous soundpacks for MiniNova assembled by renowned artists and sound designers. These can be downloaded free from: novationmusic.com/soundpacks

\r\n\r\n
Tweak, warp and arpeggiate your sound
\r\n
MiniNova can do things other synths can't. It has knobs which allow you to tweak and edit the sounds, but it can also 'animate' sound with 8 back-lit buttons. These trigger 'mods' in the synth engine that can warp sound in incredible ways as you play. There is also a large knob for filter cutoff so you can get instant control of the filter whatever else you are doing. MiniNova has an arpeggiator; you can use the 8 buttons to jam with arpeggios creating totally new sequences in realtime.

\r\n\r\n
Classic & brand-new vocal effects
\r\n
MiniNova takes vocal effects one step further. As well as a vocoder, it has VocalTune. This means you can talk into the mic and play the tune you want your voice to follow on the keyboard recreating those classic Hip Hop / Urban vocal effects. You can also run your voice through MiniNova's effects engine, adding reverb, distortion, chorus/phase, gator compression or EQ. This doesn't need to be limited to your voice; there is an input which you can plug a guitar or any other instrument and give it the same treatment; effects or vocoder.

\r\n\r\n
The synth engine & effects
\r\n
MiniNova has an enormously powerful synth engine, unheard of in such a compact synth. There are 14 conventional waveforms to choose from (square, sine, sawtooth, pulse, triangle and combinations), 36 wavetables and 20 digital waveforms. Each of the 3 oscillators (per voice) have density/detune for fattening up sounds, virtual sync and 'hardness' - which acts as an additional lowpass filter. There are 14 filter types (and you can run 2 simultaneously), 6 envelope generators, 3 LFOs and 20 modulation slots where you can link modules of the synth engine together to shape sound. MiniNova can add up to 5 effects to each voice including distortion, reverb, chorus/phase, delay, compressor, EQ and Novation's unique gator effect.

\r\n\r\n
Editing software included
\r\n
Editing sounds in such a powerful synth can be overwhelming, so we've created a software application gives you visual access to the synth engine. The MiniNova Editor works as a plug-in within your DAW or music software. You can fully edit MiniNova using the hardware, the software just makes it more simple to see what you are doing.

\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n
Included Software
\r\n
\r\n
Ableton Live Lite music making software
\r\n
4 GB of Loopmasters sounds and samples
\r\n
Free Melodics Lessons
\r\n\r\n
\r\n", "SalesPrice": 399.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/12082817383832f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:39.2099702+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-02-12T02:00:00", "OrderTotal": 399.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3003, "CustomerId": 9833, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Cummeratastad", "street_name": "Shavonda Roads", "street_address": "850 William Hill", "zip_code": "21027-3291", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200110353871008-10762285", "ASN": "00887766104414", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "214ce-K (Ex-Demo) #2209282389", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 979.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/200110353871008-10762285f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-01T12:17:10", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-06-19T19:11:00", "OrderTotal": 979.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3004, "CustomerId": 147, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Shavonnestad", "street_name": "Larson Summit", "street_address": "6238 Brandon Village", "zip_code": "16797", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201102363635025", "ASN": "4549763034236", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AE245JR Open Pore Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Born from a long lineage and musical heritage, the acoustic guitar is steeped \r\nin tradition. But music continues to evolve, and musicians demand inspiring new \r\ntools with which to carve out their own signature sound. In that spirit, we \r\nintroduce Ibanez AE, our flagship series of acoustic-electric guitars, offer \r\nsupreme tone and playability, and represent another great chapter in the \r\nacoustic guitar tradition.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 439.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201102363635025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2021-01-05T12:16:14.003", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-03-01T13:14:00", "OrderTotal": 439.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3005, "CustomerId": 147, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Shavonnestad", "street_name": "Larson Summit", "street_address": "6238 Brandon Village", "zip_code": "16797", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380330008", "ASN": "850024751019", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Discovery S Concert African Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 499.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380330008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-14T13:14:18.32", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-01-28T16:44:00", "OrderTotal": 499.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3006, "CustomerId": 147, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Shavonnestad", "street_name": "Larson Summit", "street_address": "6238 Brandon Village", "zip_code": "16797", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX231024414852004", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "ESC105 Classical Narrow Neck (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The ESC105 gives beginner guitarists a comfortable, quality instrument to set them up for a lifetime of passion and enjoyment in their playing. This guitar punches well above its weight with quality materials and construction that far exceeds its price, giving your budding guitarist a solid starting point that will be with them for years to come.

", "SalesPrice": 79.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX231024414852004f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-27T15:51:28.57", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-02-04T07:41:00", "OrderTotal": 79.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3007, "CustomerId": 7576, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Josueburgh", "street_name": "Beier Center", "street_address": "3380 Price Meadow", "zip_code": "89790", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180522327551008", "ASN": "635464420882", "Category": "ACSTD", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GS414B Plus Guitar Stand", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Hercules", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The HERCULES Guitar Stand GS414B PLUS features the upgraded Auto Grip System (AGS) yoke, Instant Height Adjustment Clutch and Specially Formulated Foam (SFF) rubber on all contact points.

", "SalesPrice": 44.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/180522327551008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-06-26T12:18:36.82", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-11-08T20:48:00", "OrderTotal": 44.99, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3008, "CustomerId": 7576, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Josueburgh", "street_name": "Beier Center", "street_address": "3380 Price Meadow", "zip_code": "89790", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230911413035025", "ASN": "00887766052586", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "BTe-Koa All Koa", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Baby Taylor has always inspired new and experienced players alike with its compact size and tuneful sound, and this model (BTe-Koa) takes the design to the next level with all-Hawaiian-koa construction. The solid top serves up clear, vibrant acoustic tone with koa's distinctive sparkle, while the layered back and sides add a rich visual dimension thanks to koa's beautiful grain. This three-quarter-size acoustic guitar includes ES-B electronics with a handy digital tuner, and includes a lightweight gig bag, making it a perfect option for playing on the couch, jamming around the campfire or practicing on the road.

\r\n\r\n
Overview
\r\n
\r\n
Small size is perfect for players on the go
\r\n
Solid Hawaiian koa top for vibrant, bold sound
\r\n
Layered koa body offers striking visual beauty
\r\n
Features ES-B pickup and built-in digital tuner
\r\n
Includes soft gig bag for transport and storage
\r\n
\r\n\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230911413035025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-16T08:38:33.527", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-10-03T15:55:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3009, "CustomerId": 7576, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Josueburgh", "street_name": "Beier Center", "street_address": "3380 Price Meadow", "zip_code": "89790", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220511385377008", "ASN": "4957812496926", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CGS104AII Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Perfectly priced for classroom use in schools, the CGS104A Mark II full-size classical guitar features a warm, sweet sound thanks to its spruce top and meranti back and sides.\r\n\r\n

", "SalesPrice": 137.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220511385377008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-06-13T15:27:05.19", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-11-20T14:18:00", "OrderTotal": 137.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3010, "CustomerId": 7576, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Josueburgh", "street_name": "Beier Center", "street_address": "3380 Price Meadow", "zip_code": "89790", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "15022711113777", "ASN": "649241927921", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "M80-SEB-BLK Electric Bass Sleeve Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Mono", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Bass Sleeve™ is the latest addition to MONO's collection of professional \r\nluggage for musicians. Designed to be a minimalist solution for traveling light \r\nand simple, the new Sleeve™ collection of cases merges MONO's innovative \r\nprotection and high quality construction standards into a super slim and stylish \r\ndesign.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 155.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/15022711113777.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:40.163098+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-07-21T07:33:00", "OrderTotal": 155.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3011, "CustomerId": 6890, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Olivia", "street_name": "Langosh Rue", "street_address": "6688 Oralia Harbor", "zip_code": "55385-5420", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "10092913210158", "ASN": "4957812472210", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CG162C Cedar", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Drawing upon the vast knowledge, know-how and techniques of Yamaha's master craftsmen, has been developed the Concert series; to deliver the best tone and performance from a classical guitar. With slightly thinner back and sides and Yamaha's trade mark thin finish these instruments delivers better sound response.

\r\n\r\n
New bracing pattern, thinner bridge plate
\r\n
The new CG series features a new bracing pattern that delivers excellent response and rich resonance. These guitars also feature a bridge plate that efficiently transfers string vibration to the guitar top.

\r\n\r\n
Cedar Top
\r\n
Bright, warm tone. Excellent response with relatively thick treble. Cedar offers a mature tone with little change over time, providing a high level of perfection.

\r\n\r\n
Stable Neck Condition
\r\n
Necks utilize a strong 3-ply laminate design that resists warping and twisting. This design improves neck strength, offers greater stability against shape changes over time, and allows lower string height. In addition to providing greater neck stability, the laminated design also makes effective use of resources.

\r\n\r\n
The matte finish on the back of the neck allows the left hand to move smoothly while also providing a secure grip. The finish is applied with a thin coat that contributes to improved resonance. The same matte finish is applied to the bridge for improved resonance.

\r\n\r\n
Saddle Fit
\r\n
Years of experience and original technologies have brought improvements to our saddle and saddle slot design. Crafting these components with great precision provides a highly accurate fit that improves attack and sustain while reducing string vibration loss to transfer rich resonance to the body.

", "SalesPrice": 379.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/10092913210158f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:40.2880976+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-12-04T14:15:00", "OrderTotal": 379.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3012, "CustomerId": 6890, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Olivia", "street_name": "Langosh Rue", "street_address": "6688 Oralia Harbor", "zip_code": "55385-5420", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "05062715033019", "ASN": "4957812496933", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CS40 Classical 3/4 Size", "Title": "Next Day Delivery Available", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Yamaha's CS range of nylon classical guitars offer 3/4 sized instruments perfect for those with a smaller frame. With 2-ply back and sides, ultra thin finishes and player focused design - the CS guitars are the first guitar of choice. \r\n", "SalesPrice": 115.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/05062715033019f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:40.3974738+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-04T16:45:00", "OrderTotal": 115.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3013, "CustomerId": 9993, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Hollieville", "street_name": "Johnson Valleys", "street_address": "6692 Danny Shore", "zip_code": "57338-6524", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170317308881008", "ASN": "4957812614801", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AC1RIITBS A Series AC1R Tobacco Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The AC1R, concert body cutaway guitar, features solid sitka spruce top with scalloped bracing and rosewood back and sides. Yamaha's original SRT piezo pickup ensure solid plugged-in performance.

\r\n
*9 Volt Battery Not Included

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 539.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/170317308881008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2020-05-12T17:37:35.553", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-09-13T11:55:00", "OrderTotal": 539.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3014, "CustomerId": 9993, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Hollieville", "street_name": "Johnson Valleys", "street_address": "6692 Danny Shore", "zip_code": "57338-6524", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220519385778008", "ASN": "", "Category": "ACSTD", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Mini Acoustic Guitar Stand with Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Hercules", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The HERCULES Mini Guitar Stand GS401BB for Acoustic Guitar is designed to \r\nfold up quickly and pack into the included Carrying bag.

", "SalesPrice": 31.89, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220519385778008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-06-02T15:41:04.44", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-09-26T06:44:00", "OrderTotal": 31.89, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3015, "CustomerId": 9993, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Hollieville", "street_name": "Johnson Valleys", "street_address": "6692 Danny Shore", "zip_code": "57338-6524", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230830412477027", "ASN": "0694318026236", "Category": "DDK", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Nitro Max Electronic Drum Kit", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Alesis", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 399.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230830412477027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-27T10:53:27.497", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-06-29T20:55:00", "OrderTotal": 399.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3016, "CustomerId": 914, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Julianeland", "street_name": "Gerhold Spring", "street_address": "51860 Skiles Cliffs", "zip_code": "08757", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230706409005008", "ASN": "6973024274815", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": " Blue Lava Touch Sail White with Airflow Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Lava Music", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Integrating the multi-touch display and HILAVA system with new material, BLUE LAVA is designed to be eco-friendly while offering you the potential to create something truly awesome with its built-in apps and sharing feature.

\r\n
Multi Touch Display

\r\n
The 3.5-inch multi-touch display unleashes endless possibilities with powerful features.
Countless astonishing experiences are now just a tap away.

\r\n
HILAVA System

\r\n
Intuitive built-in apps on the HILAVA system enrich the way you practice, play, and create.
They act instantly to your moves, letting you utilize them with lightweight interaction. Utilizing Wi-Fi & Bluetooth, Cross device Sync and contant updates – there will always be something new using HILAVA.

\r\n
Your stage is everywhere...

\r\n
With instant widgets, you can quickly set up the stage to improvise and impress your friends, on campus, at parties, or around a campfire. You can also pre-set parameters to your preference.

\r\n
Effects Built-in

\r\n
A few swipes and taps unlock unique effects like BigBen, Black Hole, Rain Forest, and tons more. Powered by the FreeBoost 2.0, each effect will immerse your music in a magical atmosphere in an instant, even without any plugging-in.

\r\n
Drummer Function

\r\n
Built in Grooves. Different Genres. 4 Track Overdubbing. The Loops App features grooves of Hip-Hop, Pop, Rock, and more. Pick One and play every role in a band.

\r\n
Tempo App

\r\n
Getting the right timing is crucial for every guitar player. With the Tempo App, you could simply scroll or tap-tempo to set BPM and choose from four click sounds that bring an all-new experience each time.

\r\n
Practice App – Learning never seemed so fun!

\r\n
Each mode in the Practice App offers real-time feedback, analyzing your rhythm accuracy, note velocity and interval speed, and displaying them in a detailed practice report. Chord Transition, Ear Training, Scale Training, Strumming and Single note are all features within the practice app. Practice newly learned skills with the Effects App and Loops App. See how exciting it becomes.

\r\n
Recorder App

\r\n
When inspiration strikes, grab it! The Recorder App lets you capture your ideas before they slip away. It also filters ambient noise and only records the crystal-clear sound of your playing.

\r\n
LAVA+ APP

\r\n
Review your practice achievements, favorite grooves and effects here. Auto-sync the content you have created, music, video, or pictures. Find your center stage in the global LAVA community, Share ideas, connect with music creators, and get inspired.

\r\n
4-Mass Technology

\r\n
The 4-MASS design in BLUE LAVA enhances vibrations of the guitar top, back, side, and neck, delivering full and balanced tones. The reinforced internal structure extends low frequency vibration towards the end of the soundbox and makes broader space for high frequency vibration around the soundhole.

\r\n
Intrinsic Craftmanship

\r\n
At LAVA, designing encompasses more than just products. We renovated the entire production process by establishing a modern manufacturing facility. To bring the innovative design of BLUE LAVA into mass-production, we designed over 80% of all machines and forging tools specifically for BLUE LAVA.

\r\n
BLUE LAVA

\r\n
Optimizing material use and production techniques remains our key focus throughout. We replaced wood with recyclable HPL to reduce deforestation and manufactured our products through automatic production lines to prevent industrial waste. This makes
BLUE LAVA friendly to the environment while maintaining high performance.

\r\n
HPL adapts to changes in temperature from -4? to 122? and humidity from 10% to 90%. It is lightweight, sturdy, weatherproof, and easy to maintain.

", "SalesPrice": 729.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230706409005008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 2, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-25T16:30:10.7", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-05-23T19:30:00", "OrderTotal": 729.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3017, "CustomerId": 914, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Julianeland", "street_name": "Gerhold Spring", "street_address": "51860 Skiles Cliffs", "zip_code": "08757", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210716371632025", "ASN": "4260279932280", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "000ME", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 279.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210716371632025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2021-08-02T14:00:38.887", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-01T05:55:00", "OrderTotal": 279.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3018, "CustomerId": 1270, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Dariuschester", "street_name": "Terry Villages", "street_address": "8985 Suzanna Loop", "zip_code": "79520", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "11011412245932", "ASN": "4957812489959", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "APX700II Sandburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Launched in 1987, Yamaha’s APX range was designed to be the ultimate performance electro-acoustic guitar – combining great on-stage tone thanks to a unique body design and the latest pickup and preamp technology with incredible on-stage comfort.\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

", "SalesPrice": 689.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/105/11011412245932.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:41.08497+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-10-02T01:25:00", "OrderTotal": 689.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3019, "CustomerId": 7890, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Hillsshire", "street_name": "Farrell Flat", "street_address": "89788 Levi Hills", "zip_code": "33128", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230815411689025", "ASN": "00887766122104", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GS Mini Sapele", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
\n
Whether you're a new player looking for a comfortable first guitar or an experienced guitarist seeking a travel companion, the GS Mini Sapele offers the ideal combination of portability and rich tone. This model features a solid Sitka spruce top paired with layered sapele back and sides, yielding a bold, clear response that punches far above its weight as a shorter-scale guitar. Players will appreciate the slender neck profile and low action, providing a relaxed feel that's accommodating to players of all skill levels. And with the included gig bag, you're all set to take the GS Mini Sapele on the road for any musical occasion.

\n
", "SalesPrice": 499.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230815411689025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-08-15T12:58:10.433", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-09-01T11:21:00", "OrderTotal": 499.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3020, "CustomerId": 3760, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Kevin", "street_name": "Kristle Forge", "street_address": "49275 Lawana Trace", "zip_code": "99231", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200911361985025-10801387", "ASN": "05036678117875", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Venus Blue Moon (Ex-Demo) #210343562", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Faith", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Venus Blue Moon is a truly individual instrument. One of the beauties of \r\ngenuinely solid, natural tonewoods is that each piece of solid timber used will \r\nvary in its natural colouration and its particular grain patterns. So your Blue \r\nMoon will be as unique as you and your music.

\r\n
Tonally, Mango has an interesting character. It is not as loud and punchy as \r\nrosewood nor as straightforwardly mellow as mahogany, yet it bears its own \r\ndistinctive warmth. With frequency prominence starting a little below that of \r\nmahogany and dropping off a little earlier in the mid-range, the overall tone \r\ncould be described as dark and moody. Much like maple guitars, the reduced level \r\nof resonant overtones makes the Mango-bodied Blue Moon a perfect stage guitar: \r\nEminently controllable, balanced and resistant to feedback.

\r\n
Mango trees grow freely right across the Indonesian archipelago, so the \r\ntimbers used on Blue Moon guitars are sourced close to our workshops in Java, \r\nIndonesia, and as always, from certified timber merchants.

\r\n
Finished with flamed Maple binding, Macassan Ebony fittings, Fishman \r\nElectronics and complete in a hard case, your Faith Venus Blue Moon is sure to \r\nintrigue and delight you at every turn.

\r\n
The Venus is the now iconic shape that brought Faith Guitars to the \r\nconsciousness of so many players over the years. The combination of a 15\" lower \r\nbout and a slimmer depth of body looks to classic OM or Auditorium body-shapes \r\nfor inspiration, and makes the Venus the perfect compromise. In fact, the Naked \r\nVenus was voted 'The UK's Best Acoustic Guitar' at the MIA Music Awards in \r\n2013.

\r\n
It is still big enough to deliver a big acoustic performance, yet remains \r\nsmall enough for the player to jump around on stage with no problem.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 899.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/200911361985025-10801387f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 5, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-14T09:18:29.44", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-06-18T12:57:00", "OrderTotal": 899.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3021, "CustomerId": 3760, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Kevin", "street_name": "Kristle Forge", "street_address": "49275 Lawana Trace", "zip_code": "99231", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220429384951027", "ASN": "5060887830584", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "G1 Grand Auditorium Pistachio", "Title": "", "BrandName": "EastCoast", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 99.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220429384951027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 6, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2022-11-17T16:04:54.92", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-12-01T06:45:00", "OrderTotal": 99.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3022, "CustomerId": 3760, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Kevin", "street_name": "Kristle Forge", "street_address": "49275 Lawana Trace", "zip_code": "99231", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200720360334025", "ASN": "887766106029", "Category": "ACSTD", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Koa Guitar Hanger Maple/Boxwood Bouqet Inlay", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Crafted with premium tonewoods used\r\nfor some of Taylor’s most popular guitars,\r\nmany of these beautiful hangers also\r\nfeature an original inlay design inspired\r\nby decorative elements from models\r\nacross the Taylor line.

\r\n
The cushioned\r\nguitar yoke secures your guitar without\r\ndamaging the finish or neck, while solid wood\r\nbackplates will uniquely\r\ncomplement the natural beauty of any\r\nacoustic or electric guitar, regardless of\r\nstyle or manufacturer.

\r\n
All wall hangers are produced with\r\nresponsibly sourced tonewoods. Each\r\npurchase supports tree planting and other\r\nsustainability initiatives.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 59.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200720360334025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-07-23T15:15:31.143", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-05-25T20:08:00", "OrderTotal": 59.99, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3023, "CustomerId": 3760, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Kevin", "street_name": "Kristle Forge", "street_address": "49275 Lawana Trace", "zip_code": "99231", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180109320616008", "ASN": "4260279934499", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DM-15", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became \r\ndifficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, \r\nwere flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 339.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/180109320616008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2018-02-13T12:56:14.297", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-03-19T00:45:00", "OrderTotal": 339.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3024, "CustomerId": 2044, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Littelberg", "street_name": "Stracke View", "street_address": "8919 Pouros Mill", "zip_code": "34094", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180913332514008", "ASN": "4957054513658", "Category": "DKTS", "Online": true, "ItemName": "ST-AX2 Stand for AX-EDGE", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Roland", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The ST-AX2 stand is custom-designed to cradle Roland’s uniquely shaped AX-Edge Keytar. The folding metal stand securely holds the AX-Edge upright when it’s not in use, providing safe and convenient support on stage, at rehearsals, and at home. The ST-AX2 stand is also compatible with the AX-Synth, Roland’s previous-generation flagship keytar.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 49.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/180913332514008f2.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-09-13T11:38:45.263", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-07-14T06:24:00", "OrderTotal": 49.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3025, "CustomerId": 2044, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Littelberg", "street_name": "Stracke View", "street_address": "8919 Pouros Mill", "zip_code": "34094", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220302382277027", "ASN": "5060943691159", "Category": "DKTS", "Online": true, "ItemName": "S-1KBSB Single Braced Keyboard Stand", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ordo", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Ordo S-1KBSB Single Braced Keyboard Stand is a lightweight and portable foldable keyboard stand, ideal for portable keyboards and smaller synthesizers, this high quality stand also features 5 adjustable positions so you can find the most comfortable height for your keyboard. \r\n", "SalesPrice": 19.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220302382277027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-08-07T14:17:37.923", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-08-07T12:04:00", "OrderTotal": 19.99, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3026, "CustomerId": 2044, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Littelberg", "street_name": "Stracke View", "street_address": "8919 Pouros Mill", "zip_code": "34094", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230927413882004", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "NCX3NT Natural (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Yamaha NCX3 acoustic-electric nylonstring\r\nguitar’s contemporary appearance,\r\ntraditional neck profile, and Atmosfeel pickup\r\nsystem make it an excellent choice for nylonstring\r\nplayers seeking superior amplified sound.\r\nWhile at home in any setting, the NCX3 guitar’s\r\nstrap buttons and consistent sound regardless\r\nof volume level make it of particular interest to\r\nperforming guitarists.

\r\n\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 669.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230927413882004f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-03T15:30:25.073", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-07-04T12:44:00", "OrderTotal": 669.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3027, "CustomerId": 7288, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Farrellton", "street_name": "Mohr Course", "street_address": "299 Murray Court", "zip_code": "95583-5434", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380336008", "ASN": "850014868925", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Discovery S Concert CE Edgeburst African Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 629.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380336008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-14T15:43:02.387", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-10-02T00:03:00", "OrderTotal": 629.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3028, "CustomerId": 7288, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Farrellton", "street_name": "Mohr Course", "street_address": "299 Murray Court", "zip_code": "95583-5434", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PXP230831412530003-10999277", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "NTX3NT Natural (Pre-Owned) #IQP020730", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Yamaha® NTX3 acoustic-electric nylonstring\r\nguitar’s modern looks, comfortable neck\r\nshape, and superb amplified sound enable electric\r\nguitarists and steel-string players to easily\r\nexplore the world of nylon-string playing.

\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PXP230831412530003-10999277f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-06T09:58:59.607", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-03-06T07:16:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3029, "CustomerId": 7288, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Farrellton", "street_name": "Mohr Course", "street_address": "299 Murray Court", "zip_code": "95583-5434", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201130364587025", "ASN": "711106266145", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "J-15 EC ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Advanced Jumbo style acoustic guitar is the go-to acoustic for beginners as well as professionals. Featuring a select spruce top with a cutaway body for outstanding upper fret access, a NanoFlex™ pickup system, and premium tuners. Epiphone stands behind every guitar they make with a Limited Lifetime Warranty and Gibson Brands™ Customer Service. ", "SalesPrice": 239.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201130364587025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2021-04-12T17:38:54.103", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-08-11T10:45:00", "OrderTotal": 239.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3030, "CustomerId": 2697, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Ferdinand", "street_name": "Barbie Mountain", "street_address": "989 Trantow Mountains", "zip_code": "63981", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "06061917015418", "ASN": "4957812332439", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FX370C Tobacco Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
FX730C features a spruce top, nato back and sides, an ultra-thin \r\npolyurethane finish and high-spec hardware to ensure the looks, sound and \r\nplayability of this guitar are all at the top of their game.

\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 279.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/06061917015418f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:42.6005967+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-11-24T17:36:00", "OrderTotal": 279.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3031, "CustomerId": 2697, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Ferdinand", "street_name": "Barbie Mountain", "street_address": "989 Trantow Mountains", "zip_code": "63981", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220302382178027", "ASN": "5060943690152", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "B-120-JG Deluxe Jumbo Acoustic Guitar Gig Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ordo", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Ordo is a new brand of solid, rugged and reliable accessories designed by musicians for musicians. Each product in the Ordo wide range has been made to offer a specific solution for the gigging musician: whether it’s a tough-wearing gig bag, a robust stand or a high quality cable, Ordo has what you need at a price that represents great value.

\r\n
Acoustic guitarists looking for a durable and useful padded gig bag should check out this offering from Ordo.

\r\n
Made from high grade water-repellent nylon, this bag offers a full 20mm of foam padding to offer an excellent level of protection. There are also two fully adjustable & reinforced shoulder straps and a strong handle for carrying options.

\r\n
Two good sized front pockets allow you the opportunity to store accessories and sheet music. All in all, this sturdy and reliable bag is a great choice for all musicians using Jumbo and similar sized acoustic guitars.

", "SalesPrice": 44.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220302382178027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-10-28T11:27:31.667", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-11-24T09:46:00", "OrderTotal": 44.99, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3032, "CustomerId": 5222, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Beliaburgh", "street_name": "Ursula Summit", "street_address": "69087 Jacelyn Pines", "zip_code": "97625-9094", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180112320773008", "ASN": "5036678091274", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Neptune Blood Moon", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Faith", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Faith Neptune Acoustic Guitars are based upon Patrick James Eggle's highly \r\nacclaimed 'Saluda' shape. In its basic form, the Neptune is 16\" across the lower \r\nbout, which qualifies it as a baby-jumbo. In practise, this makes the Neptune a \r\nJumbo bodied guitar for every occasion. Whereas the full jumbo sized Jupiter is \r\nall-out big, the Neptune balances size, sonic projection and comfort perfectly.

\r\n
Acoustically, the Neptune will deliver rich and deep bass notes with ease, \r\nyet never become 'boom-ey' or over-powering. Plus when it's strapped around your \r\nneck for hours at a rehearsal or gig, it sits comfortably without weighing you \r\ndown too much.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 899.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/140/180112320773008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 11, "CreatedOn": "2018-02-12T10:35:02.387", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-08-10T05:08:00", "OrderTotal": 899.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3033, "CustomerId": 8621, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Torpfort", "street_name": "Pacocha Club", "street_address": "2057 Cormier Extension", "zip_code": "19974-4585", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380357008", "ASN": "850014868833", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Rainforest S Concert Orchid CE African Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 689.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380357008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 5, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-15T16:41:19.87", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-07-10T15:03:00", "OrderTotal": 689.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3034, "CustomerId": 8621, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Torpfort", "street_name": "Pacocha Club", "street_address": "2057 Cormier Extension", "zip_code": "19974-4585", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "06061916575518", "ASN": "4957812332422", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FX370C Natural", "Title": "Next Day Delivery Available", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
FX730C features a spruce top, nato back and sides, an ultra-thin polyurethane \r\nfinish and high-spec hardware to ensure the looks, sound and playability of this \r\nguitar are all at the top of their game.

\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 259.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/06061916575518f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:43.0693468+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-04-19T05:23:00", "OrderTotal": 259.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3035, "CustomerId": 8621, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Torpfort", "street_name": "Pacocha Club", "street_address": "2057 Cormier Extension", "zip_code": "19974-4585", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380328008", "ASN": "850014868994", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Discovery S Concertina Cedar/Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 499.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380328008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-14T12:42:25.32", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-07-17T10:11:00", "OrderTotal": 499.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3036, "CustomerId": 49, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Earlie", "street_name": "Baumbach Field", "street_address": "6069 Shante Trail", "zip_code": "56492", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230709409727006", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "P1JC (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Takamine", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Massive tone pours from Takamine’s new Pro Series P1JC cutaway jumbo. This, \r\ntogether with the guitar’s smooth playability and state-of-the-art onboard \r\nelectronics, makes for a deeply satisfying acoustic experience both onstage and \r\noff.

\r\n
Great warmth, balance and harmonic richness resound from its “X”-braced solid \r\ncedar top and sapele back and sides. An elegant Venetian cutaway offers optimum \r\naccess to the upper registers.

\r\n
Other premium features include a mahogany neck and rosewood fingerboard with \r\npearl dot inlays. The unique Takamine split bone saddle bridge provides \r\nfaultless intonation and excellent acoustic coupling to the top.

\r\n
The P1JC also features chrome die-cast machine heads for superb tuning \r\nstability, a gloss natural-finish top on satin back and sides, and the highly \r\nacclaimed CT4BII preamp system with three-band EQ, volume control and built-in \r\ntuner.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 949.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230709409727006f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 11, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-21T11:28:09.16", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-09-08T12:33:00", "OrderTotal": 949.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3037, "CustomerId": 49, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Earlie", "street_name": "Baumbach Field", "street_address": "6069 Shante Trail", "zip_code": "56492", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "11072713172558", "ASN": "4957812497787", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "JR2 3/4 Size Steel Strung Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The JR2 is a compact acoustic guitar modeled after our long selling FG series. Its compact size and authentic acoustic tone make the JR2 and excellent take along, play anywhere guitar. Great for campfire sing alongs, road trips or anywhere you want to be able to play. A Mahogany finish UTF finish back & side offers beautiful look and the instrument comes with a durable case.

\r\n\r\n
\r\n
3/4 Size FG Body
\r\n
Spruce Top
\r\n
Mahogany UTF (Ultra Thin Film) That Offers Beautiful Looks
\r\n
", "SalesPrice": 239.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/11072713172558f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:43.3818459+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-09-19T23:36:00", "OrderTotal": 239.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3038, "CustomerId": 8351, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Hirokotown", "street_name": "Gertie Path", "street_address": "254 Wintheiser Mountain", "zip_code": "74301-5720", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230911413035025", "ASN": "00887766052586", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "BTe-Koa All Koa", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Baby Taylor has always inspired new and experienced players alike with its compact size and tuneful sound, and this model (BTe-Koa) takes the design to the next level with all-Hawaiian-koa construction. The solid top serves up clear, vibrant acoustic tone with koa's distinctive sparkle, while the layered back and sides add a rich visual dimension thanks to koa's beautiful grain. This three-quarter-size acoustic guitar includes ES-B electronics with a handy digital tuner, and includes a lightweight gig bag, making it a perfect option for playing on the couch, jamming around the campfire or practicing on the road.

\r\n\r\n
Overview
\r\n
\r\n
Small size is perfect for players on the go
\r\n
Solid Hawaiian koa top for vibrant, bold sound
\r\n
Layered koa body offers striking visual beauty
\r\n
Features ES-B pickup and built-in digital tuner
\r\n
Includes soft gig bag for transport and storage
\r\n
\r\n\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230911413035025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-16T08:38:33.527", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-08-01T18:32:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3039, "CustomerId": 8351, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Hirokotown", "street_name": "Gertie Path", "street_address": "254 Wintheiser Mountain", "zip_code": "74301-5720", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220823391360008", "ASN": "4515276900306", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "IAB541 POWERPAD Designer Collection Acoustic Gig Bag Brown", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Safe, sound and style. There's no reason that a sleek, smartly-designed gig \r\nbag can't keep your precious instrument secure as well. With its padded bottom \r\nand sidewall, the Ibanez POWERPAD® gig bag safely protects your guitar from \r\nbumps or scratches that can happen while you're hustling to your next show or \r\nsession. Drop your laptop or tablet, strings, headphones, tuner and supplies in \r\none of the four roomy pockets and you've got everything you need to roll. With \r\nits handsome design, matched color heavyweight zippers, the 541 POWERPAD® series \r\ngig bags will never get lost in a sea of plain black canvas gig bags.

\r\n


\r\n
\r\n\t
Resilient 15mm thick cushion on the bottom and sides
\r\n\t
4 convenient storage pockets
\r\n\t
Belt inside the bag that securely grip and brace the neck of your guitar
\r\n\t
Handle on the back side to keep the bag vertical
\r\n
\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 44.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220823391360008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-24T12:32:24.643", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-01-15T12:36:00", "OrderTotal": 44.99, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3040, "CustomerId": 7350, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Kelley", "street_name": "Feil Court", "street_address": "9982 Conroy Course", "zip_code": "16042-7064", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220407383685025", "ASN": "8885015401408", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "M80 Classic Jumbo Acoustic Guitar Case Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Mono", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Big guitars deserve big protection, and that's why this iconic MONO® case is \r\ndesigned with signature features recognized by musicians all over the world. An \r\nabsolute must-have for guitarists who own one (or several) jumbo acoustic \r\nguitars, this case is comfortable from the get-go and ready for anything life \r\nbrings.

\r\n
360° PROTECTION

\r\n
The patented Headlock® design keeps your guitar headstock securely suspended \r\nwithin the case, stabilizing it during transport and protecting it from side and \r\nrear impacts that could otherwise snap the neck.

\r\n
Hi-density foam bumpers within the case help to divert shocks out and around \r\nthe lower bout of the guitar, away from the strap pin. Integral ABS panels \r\ndeliver hardcase protection at a fraction of the weight, and the case's \r\nreinforced outer shell absorbs and deflects bumps away from vulnerable areas of \r\nthe guitar.

\r\n
BUILT TO LAST

\r\n
Like all other MONO® cases, this one is built to military specs, using \r\nhigh-test and 100% animal free materials with extreme resistance to the elements \r\nand all touring conditions. Water-resistant Sharkskin shell keeps you on the \r\nmove come rain or shine, while the plush inner lining protects delicate guitar \r\nfinishes and keeps your prized musical instrument looking pristine.

\r\n
Rock-solid, industrial webbing handles come standard on MONO® cases. Bar-tack \r\nstitching and steel rivets provide strength reinforcement, while high grade \r\nwebbing offers a super comfortable grip at all times. Ergonomic backpack straps \r\nand mesh padding give perfect support for your back, and YKK zippers bring extra \r\nreliability for the long haul.

\r\n
A hard-wearing sole and piping made of Hypalon — the same industrial rubber \r\nused to create inflatable military rafts — means this sole simply doesn't wear \r\nout.

\r\n
SMART INTEGRATED STORAGE

\r\n
Specialized storage compartments put your gear right where you need it, while \r\nthe hidden upper pocket keeps your wallet, keys and smartphone concealed.

\r\n
This case comes equipped with triple D-ring attachments, making it 100% \r\ncompatible with The Tick® 2.0, our modular accessory case that attaches \r\nseamlessly to the case and extends storage capacity like no other.

\r\n
FITS LIKE A GLOVE

\r\n
This case is designed for popular jumbo acoustic guitars, like the Gibson \r\nSJ-200 and Taylor Grand Orchestra. If you are unsure about the fit for your \r\nguitar, make sure it does not exceed any of the following dimensions:

\r\n
Internal Dimensions: 44\" x 17\" x 5\" (111.8cm x 43.2cm x 12.7cm)
External \r\nDimensions: 48.5\" x 20\" x 8\" (123.2cm x 50.8cm x 20.3cm)
External Pocket \r\nDimensions: 11\" x 14.5\" x 1.5\" (27.9cm x 36.8cm x 3.8cm)
Weight: 7.72lbs \r\n(3.5kg)

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 259.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220407383685025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-31T14:29:07.94", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-10-31T06:06:00", "OrderTotal": 259.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3041, "CustomerId": 5215, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Jacintaborough", "street_name": "Darby Falls", "street_address": "483 Natasha Garden", "zip_code": "96549-0577", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "05121711513929", "ASN": "711106280400", "Category": "GUBA_14", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Allen Woody Rumblekat", "Title": "Largest Official UK Epiphone Dealer", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Epiphone Allen Woody Rumblekat bass was designed by the late Allen Woody, the legendary bassist for the Allman Brothers Band and co-founder of Gov’t Mule. Featuring a 30\" scale length, a chambered mahogany body, gold hardware, and NYT™ mini-humbuckers.

", "SalesPrice": 489.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/05121711513929f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:43.8037219+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-09-30T16:02:00", "OrderTotal": 489.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3042, "CustomerId": 5215, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Jacintaborough", "street_name": "Darby Falls", "street_address": "483 Natasha Garden", "zip_code": "96549-0577", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "14081313595477", "ASN": "649241887751", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "M80-AC-BLK Classical/OM Bag Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Mono", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The classic MONO M80 Hybrid Case can be found in the hands of \r\ninfluential musicians from Brooklyn to Seoul to São Palo and everywhere in \r\nbetween. Its patented protective features and light weight hybrid shell \r\nrevolutionized the way we travel with our guitars, and brought musician luggage \r\ninto the 21st century. Years of feedback from working artists has driven \r\ncountless tiny improvements, proving that this original design just gets better \r\nwith time. If you own a guitar, you should own a MONO.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 229.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/140/14081313595477.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2017-12-14T12:38:44.517", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-18T06:49:00", "OrderTotal": 229.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3043, "CustomerId": 9871, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Taylorfort", "street_name": "White Plains", "street_address": "963 Roger Ways", "zip_code": "72012-5795", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "221230398173025", "ASN": "4549763280824", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AEG220 Natural Low Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The AEG Series' slender, single-cutaway bodies deliver powerful and balanced acoustic sound, unplugged or through an amp or PA system. These guitars combine easy playability, classic solid and sunburst finishes, and intuitive electronics to create a quality, workhorse acoustic guitar that will rise to any occasion. High quality Ibanez under-saddle pickups and Ibanez preamps with onboard tuners provide sparkling tones that sound great in any environment.\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 559.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/221230398173025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-31T15:48:04.613", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-12-30T03:36:00", "OrderTotal": 559.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3044, "CustomerId": 9871, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Taylorfort", "street_name": "White Plains", "street_address": "963 Roger Ways", "zip_code": "72012-5795", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "211029376148025", "ASN": "4957812669245", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FSCTABS Transacoustic FS Cutaway Brown Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Yamaha TransAcoustic ® guitars transport you to new creative spaces via spacious\r\nreverb and lush chorus effects that resonate within the body of the instrument itself.

\r\n\r\n
Imagine being totally immersed in the sound of your acoustic guitar, hearing and feeling it reverberate around you as you play—without the need for external amplification or speakers. Now, the new FSC-TA cutaway models also enable guitarists to easily access the entire fretboard, further extending their creative possibilities.

", "SalesPrice": 649.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/211029376148025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2021-10-29T16:25:31.607", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-09-06T15:49:00", "OrderTotal": 649.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3045, "CustomerId": 61, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Elizebethshire", "street_name": "Sylvie Trail", "street_address": "551 Hettinger Ports", "zip_code": "02249-8628", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "171116316761008", "ASN": "0768114475809", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "S2 Acoustic Guitar Trans Red Burst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Adam Black", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Adam Black S2 is a great all-round beginners guitar. It features a laminated spruce top and laminated mahogany back and sides. With standard bracing it helps to deliver clear and pleasant tones. A comfortable neck ensures great playability. This is key when you are just starting out. The Dreadnought body shape is one of the most versatile. It is a great strummer and will handle finger picking too. Exceptional value for money and a good step ahead of most entry level instrument.

", "SalesPrice": 119.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/171116316761008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 2, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2017-11-22T10:58:22.15", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-03T19:40:00", "OrderTotal": 119.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3046, "CustomerId": 61, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Elizebethshire", "street_name": "Sylvie Trail", "street_address": "551 Hettinger Ports", "zip_code": "02249-8628", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200720360289025", "ASN": "4260279937216", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SDM-SG5", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 959.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/200720360289025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2021-12-14T10:08:37.38", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-01-30T05:19:00", "OrderTotal": 959.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3047, "CustomerId": 61, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Elizebethshire", "street_name": "Sylvie Trail", "street_address": "551 Hettinger Ports", "zip_code": "02249-8628", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "12050912030058", "ASN": "885978519156", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "G5013CE Rancher Junior", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Gretsch", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Gretsch presents a darkly alluring take on its classic acoustic model with the G5013CE Rancher™ Jr. With its slick, elegant appointments and onboard electronics, it's a cool and classic performer with a distinctive Gretsch personality all its own.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 379.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/12050912030058f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:44.5380976+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-01-08T04:30:00", "OrderTotal": 379.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3048, "CustomerId": 4565, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Yundtborough", "street_name": "West Junctions", "street_address": "400 Kermit Neck", "zip_code": "84917-8590", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "221122396696025", "ASN": "4260685052206", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Special Edition GJA-SG200-WR Wine Red", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: \r\nguitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were \r\nflooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 839.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/221122396696025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 11, "CreatedOn": "2023-01-05T11:27:12.447", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-07-05T17:04:00", "OrderTotal": 839.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3049, "CustomerId": 4565, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Yundtborough", "street_name": "West Junctions", "street_address": "400 Kermit Neck", "zip_code": "84917-8590", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200619359448025", "ASN": "4957812314701", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "F370 Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The F370 acoustic folk guitar offers the quality, design and sound you’d expect from a Yamaha acoustic and puts it in an affordable package.

\r\n\r\n
Features including a spruce top, nato back and sides, an ultra-thin polyurethane finish and high-spec hardware ensure the looks, sound and playability are all at the top of their game.

\r\n\r\n
Setup to the same spec as our professional models, F370 offers incredible performance and outstanding value.

", "SalesPrice": 159.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200619359448025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2020-08-24T12:58:19.603", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-06-19T02:21:00", "OrderTotal": 159.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3050, "CustomerId": 4565, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Yundtborough", "street_name": "West Junctions", "street_address": "400 Kermit Neck", "zip_code": "84917-8590", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "231002414134025", "ASN": "5036678057010", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Student Series Classical 1/2 Size Gigbag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "TGI", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The TGI Student series of gigbags are made of a durable nylon weave with stitched edges and an embroidered TGI logo. Complete with basic back straps and handle. ", "SalesPrice": 11.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/231002414134025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-11T14:57:58.263", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-05-14T01:59:00", "OrderTotal": 11.99, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3051, "CustomerId": 8922, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Wehnerfurt", "street_name": "Hyatt Vista", "street_address": "3312 Hansen Shore", "zip_code": "83495", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210222367009025", "ASN": "5060887830393", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "G1 Satin Natural Left Handed ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "EastCoast", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 89.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210222367009025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2021-12-03T15:29:35.267", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-03-11T10:40:00", "OrderTotal": 89.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3052, "CustomerId": 8922, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Wehnerfurt", "street_name": "Hyatt Vista", "street_address": "3312 Hansen Shore", "zip_code": "83495", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380330008", "ASN": "850024751019", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Discovery S Concert African Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 499.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380330008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-14T13:14:18.32", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-03-15T03:26:00", "OrderTotal": 499.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3053, "CustomerId": 8922, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Wehnerfurt", "street_name": "Hyatt Vista", "street_address": "3312 Hansen Shore", "zip_code": "83495", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201130364580025", "ASN": "711106327440", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "J-45EC Studio Ebony ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Epiphone J-45EC Jumbo acoustic is an affordable option for beginners and experienced players hitting the stage and studio. ", "SalesPrice": 249.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201130364580025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2022-07-14T15:23:08.21", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-02-17T08:25:00", "OrderTotal": 249.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3054, "CustomerId": 8922, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Wehnerfurt", "street_name": "Hyatt Vista", "street_address": "3312 Hansen Shore", "zip_code": "83495", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PXP230831412530003-10999277", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "NTX3NT Natural (Pre-Owned) #IQP020730", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Yamaha® NTX3 acoustic-electric nylonstring\r\nguitar’s modern looks, comfortable neck\r\nshape, and superb amplified sound enable electric\r\nguitarists and steel-string players to easily\r\nexplore the world of nylon-string playing.

\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PXP230831412530003-10999277f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-06T09:58:59.607", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-10-04T06:12:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3055, "CustomerId": 8881, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Josefina", "street_name": "Hand Corner", "street_address": "717 Buddy Dam", "zip_code": "59493-1321", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "11011413434332", "ASN": "4957812490016", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "APX1000 Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Launched in 1987, Yamaha’s APX range was designed to be the ultimate performance electro-acoustic guitar – combining great on-stage tone thanks to a unique body design and the latest pickup and preamp technology with incredible on-stage comfort. ", "SalesPrice": 849.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/105/11011413434332.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:45.5224706+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-04-06T04:07:00", "OrderTotal": 849.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3056, "CustomerId": 8881, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Josefina", "street_name": "Hand Corner", "street_address": "717 Buddy Dam", "zip_code": "59493-1321", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201102363621025", "ASN": "4260279937292", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DA-SG7", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born. In 1970 “SIGMA”, the brandname for acoustic guitars, was launched. They were built by specially trained staff in the most efficient guitar factories in Japan and then sent to the US for inspection before being released for sale and shipping to the music stores.

\r\n\r\n
“Sigma Guitars” were soon to have an excellent, yes even legendary, reputation. Some models were said to be of outstanding quality, both, in construction and sound. That’s why it is striking, but not surprising, that there are hardly any second-hand Sigma guitars up for sale. Most owners still swear by their instruments and would never part with them. There are Sigma fans, Sigma communities, Sigma websites; and even collectors have specialized in Sigma guitars.

", "SalesPrice": 749.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201102363621025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-03T09:32:17.13", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-09-15T04:16:00", "OrderTotal": 749.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3057, "CustomerId": 8881, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Josefina", "street_name": "Hand Corner", "street_address": "717 Buddy Dam", "zip_code": "59493-1321", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180809331095008", "ASN": "4957812627122", "Category": "DDK", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DTX452K Electronic Drum Kit", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Yamaha's iconic DTX range expands even further with the DTX482K. Combining years of experience creating authentic, top-quality drum sounds with 10 built-in drum kits, 10 built-in training functions and 3-Zone DTX Snare Pad.

\r\n\r\n
Standout Features
\r\n\r\n\r\n
\r\n
10 rewritable drum kits
\r\n
287 drum and percussion sounds
\r\n
128 keyboard sounds
\r\n
Voice guidance functions for easy learning
\r\n
Metronome with multiple time signatures
\r\n
USB connector for computer
\r\n
AUX IN
\r\n
Headphones output
\r\n
12v power input
\r\n
\r\n\r\n
What's Included
\r\n
\r\n
DTX402 Module
\r\n
3 Zone DTX Snare Pad
\r\n
3x Tom Pads
\r\n
Hi-Hat Pad
\r\n
Hi-Hat Pedal
\r\n
Ride Pad
\r\n
Crash Pad
\r\n
Kick Pedal with Pad
\r\n
Loom Cable
\r\n
Rack Stand and Mounts
\r\n
Power Supply
\r\n
User Manual
\r\n
\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 449.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/180809331095008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-12-14T16:08:42.857", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-03-29T01:00:00", "OrderTotal": 449.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3058, "CustomerId": 8881, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Josefina", "street_name": "Hand Corner", "street_address": "717 Buddy Dam", "zip_code": "59493-1321", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200106353499008", "ASN": "00729789584661", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "X Series DX2E-02 Spruce/Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 679.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/200106353499008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2020-01-07T16:01:52.353", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-09-20T10:45:00", "OrderTotal": 679.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3059, "CustomerId": 8295, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Bergnaumshire", "street_name": "White Orchard", "street_address": "7061 Rowe Springs", "zip_code": "07487", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180423326466008", "ASN": "4260279935847", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DT-45", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 875.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/180423326466008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-06-06T11:48:07.887", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-10-04T03:16:00", "OrderTotal": 875.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3060, "CustomerId": 1517, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Norberthaven", "street_name": "Little Stravenue", "street_address": "37501 Koelpin Cliff", "zip_code": "20643-5290", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "190819347537008", "ASN": "00729789584746", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "X Series DX1E", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Martin took the DXK2AE and re-imagined it. The result is the D-X1E. The top, back \r\nand sides of this new guitar are constructed from a gorgeous, koa-pattern \r\nhigh-pressure laminate (HPL), generated from premium Hawaiian koa that was \r\nspecially selected from Martin's wood stores. It is equipped with Fishman MX \r\nelectronics and strung with Martin's Authentic Acoustic Lifespan 2.0 Strings. \r\nAll this gives the D-X1E a great look to match its room-filling sound.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 579.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/190819347537008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2019-08-21T11:54:57.363", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-09-03T13:11:00", "OrderTotal": 579.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3061, "CustomerId": 1517, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Norberthaven", "street_name": "Little Stravenue", "street_address": "37501 Koelpin Cliff", "zip_code": "20643-5290", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201130364580025", "ASN": "711106327440", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "J-45EC Studio Ebony ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Epiphone J-45EC Jumbo acoustic is an affordable option for beginners and experienced players hitting the stage and studio. ", "SalesPrice": 249.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201130364580025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2022-07-14T15:23:08.21", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-07-11T11:58:00", "OrderTotal": 249.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3062, "CustomerId": 5967, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Nicholasfort", "street_name": "Sterling Hollow", "street_address": "36661 Gerry Rest", "zip_code": "25222-2426", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210608370276008", "ASN": "04549763285829", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "TCY10LE Talman Electro Acoustic Black Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "For players looking to stand out without compromising the feel of their instrument. The Unique Talman shape is sure to turn heads while giving players access to the quality, sound, and technology Ibanez developed and honed over the years. Featuring Ibanez's own pickup and tuner system you have a powerful package in the compact Talman shape ready for recording, stage, or any other situation. ", "SalesPrice": 249.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210608370276008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2021-06-09T12:28:19.63", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-02-06T05:15:00", "OrderTotal": 249.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3063, "CustomerId": 5967, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Nicholasfort", "street_name": "Sterling Hollow", "street_address": "36661 Gerry Rest", "zip_code": "25222-2426", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220823391360008", "ASN": "4515276900306", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "IAB541 POWERPAD Designer Collection Acoustic Gig Bag Brown", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Safe, sound and style. There's no reason that a sleek, smartly-designed gig \r\nbag can't keep your precious instrument secure as well. With its padded bottom \r\nand sidewall, the Ibanez POWERPAD® gig bag safely protects your guitar from \r\nbumps or scratches that can happen while you're hustling to your next show or \r\nsession. Drop your laptop or tablet, strings, headphones, tuner and supplies in \r\none of the four roomy pockets and you've got everything you need to roll. With \r\nits handsome design, matched color heavyweight zippers, the 541 POWERPAD® series \r\ngig bags will never get lost in a sea of plain black canvas gig bags.

\r\n


\r\n
\r\n\t
Resilient 15mm thick cushion on the bottom and sides
\r\n\t
4 convenient storage pockets
\r\n\t
Belt inside the bag that securely grip and brace the neck of your guitar
\r\n\t
Handle on the back side to keep the bag vertical
\r\n
\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 44.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220823391360008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-24T12:32:24.643", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-12-04T01:28:00", "OrderTotal": 44.99, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3064, "CustomerId": 1987, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Terrellmouth", "street_name": "DuBuque Forest", "street_address": "15655 Denesik Throughway", "zip_code": "51485-9154", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201130364580025", "ASN": "711106327440", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "J-45EC Studio Ebony ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Epiphone J-45EC Jumbo acoustic is an affordable option for beginners and experienced players hitting the stage and studio. ", "SalesPrice": 249.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201130364580025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2022-07-14T15:23:08.21", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-05-06T16:50:00", "OrderTotal": 249.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3065, "CustomerId": 9935, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Petrina", "street_name": "Doris Hills", "street_address": "276 Bechtelar Estates", "zip_code": "57810", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "150618287389002", "ASN": "0799493251869", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GN30CE-BLK Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Takamine", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The GN30CE is a stage-worthy acoustic/electric guitar that features solid-top construction, superior-sounding Takamine electronics and the compact but big-sounding NEX body style with a soft Venetian-style cutaway.", "SalesPrice": 389.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/150618287389002.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:46.6162222+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-08-12T08:21:00", "OrderTotal": 389.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3066, "CustomerId": 9935, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Petrina", "street_name": "Doris Hills", "street_address": "276 Bechtelar Estates", "zip_code": "57810", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "07080316084428", "ASN": "00729789507851", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "LX1 Little Martin", "Title": "Next Day Delivery Available", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "While the Little Martin is our smallest guitar, it is very big on tone, quality and versatility. The LX1 model features a solid Spruce top and mahogany high-pressure laminate HPL back, sides and top. It’s ideal for travel, student practice or for just playing around the house or campfire.", "SalesPrice": 419.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/07080316084428f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:46.7412218+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-08-09T00:39:00", "OrderTotal": 419.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3067, "CustomerId": 9935, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Petrina", "street_name": "Doris Hills", "street_address": "276 Bechtelar Estates", "zip_code": "57810", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "221104395890025", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "RD-342", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Recording King", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Players around the world have fallen in love with the high-end sound of our Tonewood Reserve guitars. The classic combination of Adirondack Spruce and solid Rosewood delivers traditional acoustic tone for bluegrass players, flatpickers and songwriters.

\n
We’ve upped the ante with the Tonewood Reserve Elite Series Dreadnought, featuring everything great about the Tonewood Reserve with upgraded aesthetic appointments for boutique, high-end style.

\n
The Tonewood Reserve Elite Dreadnought delivers the power and projection players want from a top-shelf dreadnought. Full bass and crystalline, piano-like treble characterize the big tone of this big body powerhouse. Cut through the mix, accompany your own voice or show off your flatpicking prowess with this eye-catching conversation piece.

\n
In response to requests from flatpicking players, the TWR Elite Dreadnought has a 1-¾” nut width for comfortable picking.

", "SalesPrice": 949.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/221104395890025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-11T15:04:16.513", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-08-12T14:03:00", "OrderTotal": 949.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3068, "CustomerId": 6178, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kunzeberg", "street_name": "Daugherty Station", "street_address": "252 Schuppe Drives", "zip_code": "05425", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210422368453025", "ASN": "5036678118629", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Venus HiGloss Three Piece Back FVHG3", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Faith", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Faith HiGloss series have always been designed to offer both visual and aural beauty, and with the updating to HiGloss-3, we’re sure you’ll agree these wonderful instruments will continue to inspire musicians for generations to come.\r\n\r\n

Using a more sustainable 3-piece, solid rosewood back design, we can ensure that these incredibly popular models are available longer-term and yet retain all the tonal and visual punch that HiGloss-series afficianados have come to expect. Using high grade Englemann Spruce for the top and highly-figured, 3-piece Rosewood bound in Flamed Maple for the back and sides, HiGloss-3 models also feature solid Flamed Maple binding on the front and use stripy Indonesian Ebony for the fingerboard, bridge, headplate and heelcap.

\r\n\r\n
Tonally, this combination of wood is generally bright and ‘zingy’, delivering great clarity. Visualising this as a frequency curve, it would be shaped like a smile: high on the bass, dipping down through the middle and rising once again at the top end. Therefore greater string separation and articulation is achieved, lending itself to fingerstyle and solo pieces in particular.

\r\n\r\n
This Faith Guitar is fitted with the refined, low-profile Fishman INK3 preamp system with the Sonicore piezo pickup located under the saddle. The preamp features a chromatic tuner, 3 band EQ and volume control. The output jack is located at the base of the guitar as part of the ingenious, easy-access battery compartment. All HiGloss series Faith Guitars are complete with a Faith Hardcase.

\r\n\r\n
The Venus is the now iconic shape that brought Faith Guitars to the consciousness of so many players over the years. The combination of a 15\" lower bout and a slimmer depth of body looks to classic OM or Auditorium body-shapes for inspiration, and makes the Venus the perfect compromise. In fact, the Naked Venus was voted 'The UK's Best Acoustic Guitar' at the MIA Music Awards in 2013.

\r\n\r\n
It is still big enough to deliver a big acoustic performance, yet remains small enough for the player to jump around on stage with no problem.

", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210422368453025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2021-07-23T11:16:56.817", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-04-21T15:55:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3069, "CustomerId": 6178, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kunzeberg", "street_name": "Daugherty Station", "street_address": "252 Schuppe Drives", "zip_code": "05425", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "171124318761008", "ASN": "4260279934017", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DM12EL Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became \r\ndifficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, \r\nwere flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 319.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/171124318761008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2017-12-11T16:52:27.49", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-02-06T19:21:00", "OrderTotal": 319.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3070, "CustomerId": 6178, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kunzeberg", "street_name": "Daugherty Station", "street_address": "252 Schuppe Drives", "zip_code": "05425", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200110353868008", "ASN": "887766105428", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GS Mini-e Koa Plus", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 959.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200110353868008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-03-13T17:01:23.213", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-05-28T20:40:00", "OrderTotal": 959.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3071, "CustomerId": 6178, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kunzeberg", "street_name": "Daugherty Station", "street_address": "252 Schuppe Drives", "zip_code": "05425", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230313401794025", "ASN": "00887766102243", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "114ce-SB Satin Sunburst Special Edition", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "This sunburst-topped 100 Series model gives players another appealing aesthetic option in\r\nour versatile Grand Auditorium body shape. With layered walnut back and sides paired with\r\na solid Sitka spruce top, the 114ce-SB Special Edition serves up clear, balanced tone that\r\nadapts beautifully across playing styles and musical genres. With player-friendly contours\r\nand the slender, easy-playing Taylor neck, this acoustic-electric is sure to appeal to a broad\r\nswath of musicians. The appointment package includes black binding, black/white/black\r\ntop purfling, a three-ring white rosette, 4mm dot fretboard inlays in Italian acrylic, a black\r\npickguard, die-cast chrome tuners, and a matte-finish body with a satin sunburst top. The\r\nsunburst is a unique color scheme that was specially developed to complement the natural\r\ncolors of the walnut back and sides. The guitar includes ES2 electronics and ships with a\r\nstructured tan gig bag for storage and transportation.\r\n", "SalesPrice": 899.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230313401794025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-03-14T08:40:39.173", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-09-18T12:08:00", "OrderTotal": 899.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3072, "CustomerId": 1448, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Manntown", "street_name": "Nick Burg", "street_address": "9340 Jordan Route", "zip_code": "94980-1722", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "10092913163858", "ASN": "4957812472166", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CG122MS Classical Spruce", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Drawing upon the vast knowledge, know-how and techniques of Yamaha's master craftsmen, has been developed the Concert series; to deliver the best tone and performance from a classical guitar. With slightly thinner back and sides and Yamaha's trade mark thin finish these instruments delivers better sound response. \r\n

\r\n\r\n
New bracing pattern, thinner bridge plate
\r\n
The new CG series features a new bracing pattern that delivers excellent response and rich resonance. These guitars also feature a bridge plate that efficiently transfers string vibration to the guitar top.

\r\n\r\n
Spruce Top
\r\n
Clear fundamental tone. Massive tone with great variation according to touch. Tone improves as the wood matures.

\r\n\r\n
Stable Neck Condition
\r\n
Necks utilize a strong 3-ply laminate design that resists warping and twisting. This design improves neck strength, offers greater stability against shape changes over time, and allows lower string height. In addition to providing greater neck stability, the laminated design also makes effective use of resources.

\r\n\r\n
The matte finish on the back of the neck allows the left hand to move smoothly while also providing a secure grip. The finish is applied with a thin coat that contributes to improved resonance. The same matte finish is applied to the bridge for improved resonance.

", "SalesPrice": 279.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/102/10092913163858.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:47.4443451+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-11-29T09:26:00", "OrderTotal": 279.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3073, "CustomerId": 3165, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Charity", "street_name": "Herb Parkway", "street_address": "2468 Goyette Green", "zip_code": "11772-7066", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230228401264025", "ASN": "0846940044038", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "PCH2-GACE", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Eastman", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Featuring laminated Rosewood back & sides with a solid Thermo-Cure Sitka Spruce top, the new PCH2 is a classic combination made to start one's musical journey. Complimented by a gloss top finish the PCH2 series rises to any occasion at home on stage. ", "SalesPrice": 349.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230228401264025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-03-01T10:12:09.53", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-05-10T05:26:00", "OrderTotal": 349.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3074, "CustomerId": 3165, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Charity", "street_name": "Herb Parkway", "street_address": "2468 Goyette Green", "zip_code": "11772-7066", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200702359879025", "ASN": "680196090988", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Premier Bowery LS Mahogany Satin", "Title": "", "BrandName": "D'Angelico", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Premier Bowery LS offers performance-driven design, expansive tone, and \r\nremarkable value. A single-cutaway dreadnought body shape and slim neck profile \r\nguarantee comfort for every player, while a satin mahogany finish and minimal \r\nrosette come together for a crisp modern aesthetic. Its deep cutaway allows for \r\neasy access to the top frets, creating more possibilities for high lead lines \r\nand solos. Equipped with an onboard preamp and tuner, the Bowery LS makes the \r\ntransition to on-stage performance simple.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 149.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/200702359879025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-06T09:52:34.12", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-11-26T04:28:00", "OrderTotal": 149.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3075, "CustomerId": 3165, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Charity", "street_name": "Herb Parkway", "street_address": "2468 Goyette Green", "zip_code": "11772-7066", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230922413707008", "ASN": "190262060048", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GLN11E Natural (Ex-Demo)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Takamine", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Takamine GLN11E NS offers the comfort of an NEX-shaped guitar with the\r\nadded benefit of a shorter 630mm scale length for a warmer, more nuanced sound.\r\nThe okoume top and back and sides provide a rich, mid-range tone. Amplify your\r\nperformance with the built-in TP-3G electronics, featuring a 3-band EQ and chromatic\r\ntuner for easy tone adjustments.

", "SalesPrice": 199.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large//170/230130399881008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-26T15:09:33.36", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-12T08:23:00", "OrderTotal": 199.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3076, "CustomerId": 9847, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Bernierview", "street_name": "Zemlak Shoals", "street_address": "336 Jacquiline Hollow", "zip_code": "99706", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "190114337480008", "ASN": "00729789573849", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Dreadnought Junior Spruce E", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Dreadnought Junior Series is designed for players looking for big \r\nDreadnought sound in a slightly smaller body.

\r\n
The updated Junior models sport a thinner, 000 body depth with softer \r\nback edges to provide maximum comfort while playing.

\r\n
Every Junior model includes a form-fitted nylon gig bag for easy \r\ntransport.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 609.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/190114337480008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2019-01-14T11:38:04.44", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-08-19T21:17:00", "OrderTotal": 609.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3077, "CustomerId": 9847, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Bernierview", "street_name": "Zemlak Shoals", "street_address": "336 Jacquiline Hollow", "zip_code": "99706", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "190114337485008-10756532", "ASN": "729789573986", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Road Series D-10E-02 (Ex-Demo) #2719025", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Road Series is perfect for value-conscious players looking for a full-sized, solid wood acoustic with the superior Martin tone that has shaped generations of music.

\n
Newly updated in 2019, the series features a stunning mother-of-pearl pattern in the fingerboard and rosettes (except the D-12E, which has a Style 28 rosette pattern).

\n
All models include Martin’s high-performance neck taper for added comfort as well as satin and gloss finish options and a variety of tonewoods.

\n
Perhaps the most notable update to the Road Series is the addition of discreet Fishman® MX-T electronics with a built-in soundhole tuner that auto mutes the audio output so you can tune up any time without using a pedal.

\n
All Road Series guitars come with a Premium Soft Shell Case.

", "SalesPrice": 989.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/190114337485008-10756532f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-08-01T11:20:18.61", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-03-23T23:36:00", "OrderTotal": 989.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3078, "CustomerId": 683, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Beierburgh", "street_name": "Wehner Crest", "street_address": "7077 Wuckert Ford", "zip_code": "79721", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230502404651008", "ASN": "4549763345332", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AEWC12 Prussian Blue Metallic Flat", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Known the world over for shredding gear, Ibanez is also well-versed in the manufacture of acoustic guitars uniquely suited for electric guitar players: the AEWC. Inspired by the electric guitar's fast playability and appearance, this is a sleek, modern acoustic guitar that shredders will have very little trouble adapting to.\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 329.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230502404651008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 5, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-31T16:51:35.35", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-11-14T18:53:00", "OrderTotal": 329.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3079, "CustomerId": 683, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Beierburgh", "street_name": "Wehner Crest", "street_address": "7077 Wuckert Ford", "zip_code": "79721", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380344008", "ASN": "850014868918", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Discovery S Companion Edgeburst CE Red Cedar/Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 629.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380344008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-14T16:44:23.98", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-09-07T14:59:00", "OrderTotal": 629.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3080, "CustomerId": 683, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Beierburgh", "street_name": "Wehner Crest", "street_address": "7077 Wuckert Ford", "zip_code": "79721", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "190711346008008", "ASN": "00729789580861", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "000-10E Sapele", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 949.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/190711346008008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2019-08-12T15:44:58.57", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-12-29T08:58:00", "OrderTotal": 949.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3081, "CustomerId": 7912, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Leandroburgh", "street_name": "Beier Mountains", "street_address": "585 Kelly Mills", "zip_code": "13429", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230628407211008", "ASN": "6973024276543", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Blue Lava Touch Midnight Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Lava Music", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Colorful. Playful. Powerful. Integrating the multi-touch display and HILAVA system with new material, BLUE LAVA is designed to be eco-friendly while offering you the potential to create something truly awesome with its built-in apps and sharing feature.

\r\n
All-in-one Instrument
\r\n
By incorporating every tool you need into a multi-touch display with the \r\nHILAVA system, this smart guitar brings endless possibilities to your music \r\ncreation.

\r\n
Built-in Effects & Loops
\r\n
Combine the Effects and Loops apps to easily compose and create. With the \r\nbuilt-in apps, you can improvise, record, and edit the audio anytime.

\r\n
Comprehensive Practice to Build Every Skill
\r\n
Train your finger dexterity, strumming, chords, and more. Get a glimpse of \r\nyour practice with real-time feedback and detailed reports.

\r\n
Share and Connect on LAVA+
\r\n
Get inspired, share ideas, sync your projects, and network with music \r\ncreators in the global LAVA+ community.

\r\n
A Friend to the Planet
\r\n
Built with HPL material, BLUE LAVA Touch is weather resistant, easy to \r\nmaintain, and eco-friendly.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 649.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230628407211008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-04T10:34:53.763", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-10-29T17:59:00", "OrderTotal": 649.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3082, "CustomerId": 7912, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Leandroburgh", "street_name": "Beier Mountains", "street_address": "585 Kelly Mills", "zip_code": "13429", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230705407564008", "ASN": "885978882670", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Tim Armstrong Hellcat Checkerboard", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Well known as the Grammy-winning founder of influential U.S. punk band Rancid, Tim Armstrong is also well respected as a producer and indie label owner. But as a songwriter, he has always turned to his old Fender concert-style acoustic for inspiration. The Tim Armstrong Hellcat is based on Armstrong's own classic instrument, with modern appointments including high-quality onboard electronics. A great guitar for pop, rock, folk and more, it has a solid spruce top for especially sweet sound and a satin-finish maple neck for smooth playability.

", "SalesPrice": 339.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230705407564008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-26T08:49:24.707", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-19T19:23:00", "OrderTotal": 339.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3083, "CustomerId": 7912, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Leandroburgh", "street_name": "Beier Mountains", "street_address": "585 Kelly Mills", "zip_code": "13429", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230907412881001", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "EG440C STCQ Charcoal Black (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Takamine", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Made to Takamine's strict specifications, G Series instruments represent exceptionally good value.A single cutaway offers easy access to the top frets. It includes the TP4T, an easy to use preamp featuring a 3 Band Graphic EQ and built in tuner.

", "SalesPrice": 199.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230907412881001f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-18T14:10:12.55", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-05-22T23:36:00", "OrderTotal": 199.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3084, "CustomerId": 5856, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Bartellhaven", "street_name": "Mueller Underpass", "street_address": "6778 Smith Glen", "zip_code": "28330", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220302382278027", "ASN": "5060943691142", "Category": "DKTS", "Online": true, "ItemName": "S-1KBDB Double Braced Keyboard Stand", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ordo", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Ordo S-1KBDB is a highly durable and portable double-braced keyboard stand, ideal for larger keyboards and synthesizers, this foldable stand also features 5 adjustable positions so you can find the most comfortable height for your keyboard. \r\n", "SalesPrice": 39.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220302382278027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-12-08T15:10:49.803", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-07-09T01:34:00", "OrderTotal": 39.99, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3085, "CustomerId": 5856, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Bartellhaven", "street_name": "Mueller Underpass", "street_address": "6778 Smith Glen", "zip_code": "28330", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200224356259008", "ASN": "4957812641562", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FS800 Tinted II Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Yamaha's standard acoustic model, with simple and traditional looks and \r\noutstanding quality, at an affordable price. A solid-top guitar with authentic \r\nsound that is well balanced without sacrificing its robust strength, thanks to \r\nthe newly developed scalloped bracing design. Can be confidently recommended to \r\nall beginner guitarists. The small and thin body is perfect not only for smaller \r\nand young players but for intermediate to upper level finger-picking style \r\nplayers.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/200224356259008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2021-05-07T11:50:41.79", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-12-18T14:05:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3086, "CustomerId": 5856, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Bartellhaven", "street_name": "Mueller Underpass", "street_address": "6778 Smith Glen", "zip_code": "28330", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170317308879008", "ASN": "4957812614788", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AC1MIITBS Tobacco Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The AC1M, concert body cutaway guitar, features solid sitka spruce top with scalloped bracing and mahogany back and sides. Yamaha's original SRT piezo pickup ensure solid plugged-in performance.", "SalesPrice": 539.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/170317308879008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2017-04-24T14:15:31", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-05-13T10:42:00", "OrderTotal": 539.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3087, "CustomerId": 5779, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Adan", "street_name": "Spencer Island", "street_address": "5899 Hung Park", "zip_code": "19199", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180109320618008", "ASN": "4260279937582", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "S000M-15E", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born.", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/180109320618008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-04-02T12:48:11.087", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-09-06T23:04:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3088, "CustomerId": 5779, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Adan", "street_name": "Spencer Island", "street_address": "5899 Hung Park", "zip_code": "19199", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201218365263025", "ASN": "4957812668613", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FG820 Brown Sunburst ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Yamaha’s FG line has been in constant production since the mid 60s and is now something of a minor classic. Yamaha’s take on the dreadnought, the FG (presumably for Folk Guitar) is a great amalgamation of good design, excellent production standards and fantastic value for money.

", "SalesPrice": 349.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201218365263025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2021-02-26T15:08:14.893", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-05-21T08:18:00", "OrderTotal": 349.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3089, "CustomerId": 5779, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Adan", "street_name": "Spencer Island", "street_address": "5899 Hung Park", "zip_code": "19199", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "11011412245932", "ASN": "4957812489959", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "APX700II Sandburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Launched in 1987, Yamaha’s APX range was designed to be the ultimate performance electro-acoustic guitar – combining great on-stage tone thanks to a unique body design and the latest pickup and preamp technology with incredible on-stage comfort.\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

", "SalesPrice": 689.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/105/11011412245932.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:49.5388945+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-01-10T06:25:00", "OrderTotal": 689.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3090, "CustomerId": 2854, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Ollie", "street_name": "Powlowski Port", "street_address": "44468 Quincy Curve", "zip_code": "89095-7065", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "11072713172558", "ASN": "4957812497787", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "JR2 3/4 Size Steel Strung Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The JR2 is a compact acoustic guitar modeled after our long selling FG series. Its compact size and authentic acoustic tone make the JR2 and excellent take along, play anywhere guitar. Great for campfire sing alongs, road trips or anywhere you want to be able to play. A Mahogany finish UTF finish back & side offers beautiful look and the instrument comes with a durable case.

\r\n\r\n
\r\n
3/4 Size FG Body
\r\n
Spruce Top
\r\n
Mahogany UTF (Ultra Thin Film) That Offers Beautiful Looks
\r\n
", "SalesPrice": 239.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/11072713172558f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:49.6638941+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-12-16T14:55:00", "OrderTotal": 239.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3091, "CustomerId": 2854, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Ollie", "street_name": "Powlowski Port", "street_address": "44468 Quincy Curve", "zip_code": "89095-7065", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200109353777008", "ASN": "4957812657594", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "NTX1BS Brown Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Yamaha® NTX1 acoustic-electric nylonstring\r\nguitar’s modern looks and comfortable\r\nneck profile enable electric guitarists and steelstring\r\nplayers to easily explore the world of\r\nnylon-string playing.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 389.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/200109353777008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-01-14T16:44:03.62", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-09-16T03:26:00", "OrderTotal": 389.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3092, "CustomerId": 2854, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Ollie", "street_name": "Powlowski Port", "street_address": "44468 Quincy Curve", "zip_code": "89095-7065", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "161215305124008", "ASN": "04515276889540", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AE245 Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "\"The height of performance and tone.\" The new Ibanez AE series was designed based on this concept. These days, there are many different genres of acoustic guitar music and styles of playing. Acoustic players need instruments that can cover the broad spectrum.", "SalesPrice": 419.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/161215305124008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:49.8826434+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-05-27T04:06:00", "OrderTotal": 419.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3093, "CustomerId": 2854, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Ollie", "street_name": "Powlowski Port", "street_address": "44468 Quincy Curve", "zip_code": "89095-7065", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220225382015025", "ASN": "04260685050783", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SDJM-18 14 Fret Slope Shoulder Dreadnought", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 649.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220225382015025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-07T11:01:01.903", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-10-14T02:12:00", "OrderTotal": 649.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3094, "CustomerId": 940, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Sanjuana", "street_name": "Goldner Rapid", "street_address": "9915 Noble Hill", "zip_code": "10335", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180109320637008-11281913", "ASN": "4260279934208", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "OMM-ST Left Handed (Ex-Demo) #211219986", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 249.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/180109320637008-11281913f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-10T12:46:00.213", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-12-25T00:09:00", "OrderTotal": 249.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3095, "CustomerId": 940, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Sanjuana", "street_name": "Goldner Rapid", "street_address": "9915 Noble Hill", "zip_code": "10335", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230404403217025", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GME SE-PT Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born. In 1970 “SIGMA”, the brand name for acoustic guitars, was launched. They were built by specially trained staff in the most efficient guitar factories in Japan and then sent to the US for inspection before being released for sale and shipping to the music stores.

\r\n\r\n
“Sigma Guitars” were soon to have an excellent, yes even legendary, reputation. Some models were said to be of outstanding quality, both, in construction and sound. That’s why it is striking, but not surprising, that there are hardly any second-hand Sigma guitars up for sale. Most owners still swear by their instruments and would never part with them. There are Sigma fans, Sigma communities, Sigma websites; and even collectors have specialized in Sigma guitars.

", "SalesPrice": 279.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230404403217025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-06-26T11:03:57.313", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-08-02T06:55:00", "OrderTotal": 279.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3096, "CustomerId": 940, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Sanjuana", "street_name": "Goldner Rapid", "street_address": "9915 Noble Hill", "zip_code": "10335", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230817411811002", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "LL16ARE Brown Sunburst (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Borrowing from their half-century of experience in making acoustic guitars, Yamaha offer an original design with their L series acoustics that held the traditional with the modern. With a feel that seems pre-played in and a fantastic new Zero Impact pickup and preamp system, the Yamaha L Series are a serious proposition indeed.

", "SalesPrice": 649.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230817411811002f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-08-25T13:24:32.913", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-04-07T21:14:00", "OrderTotal": 649.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3097, "CustomerId": 940, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Sanjuana", "street_name": "Goldner Rapid", "street_address": "9915 Noble Hill", "zip_code": "10335", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200109353769008", "ASN": "4957812657617", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "NCX1NT Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Yamaha® NCX1 acoustic-electric nylon-string\r\nguitar’s contemporary appearance, traditional neck\r\nprofile, and advanced electronics make it an excellent\r\nchoice for nylon-string players seeking superior amplified\r\nsound. While at home in any setting, the NCX1\r\nguitar’s strap buttons and consistent sound regardless of\r\nvolume level make it of particular interest to performing\r\nguitarists.

\r\n\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 389.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/200109353769008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-01-14T16:58:48.773", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-01-29T15:21:00", "OrderTotal": 389.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3098, "CustomerId": 2836, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Trompton", "street_name": "Edelmira River", "street_address": "144 Greenfelder Coves", "zip_code": "62705", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "160225295094008", "ASN": "4515276639046", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AW54CE Open Pore Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Artwood series was crafted to produce a traditional as well as a modern guitar. Technology moves forward at a frantic pace and the world of guitar craftsmanship is no different. In producing the Artwood series, we've respected the rich tradition of the acoustic guitar while adding modern interpretations in our continuing search for the ultimate in guitar tone.\r\n", "SalesPrice": 339.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/160225295094008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:50.570143+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-09-14T12:00:00", "OrderTotal": 339.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3099, "CustomerId": 2836, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Trompton", "street_name": "Edelmira River", "street_address": "144 Greenfelder Coves", "zip_code": "62705", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210121366301025", "ASN": "4957812641685", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FG800II Brown Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Yamaha's standard acoustic model, with simple and traditional looks and \r\noutstanding quality, at an affordable price. A solid-top guitar with authentic \r\nsound that is well balanced without sacrificing its robust strength, thanks to \r\nthe newly developed scalloped bracing design. Can be confidently recommended to \r\nall beginner guitarists.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 329.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210121366301025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2021-02-12T14:42:15.593", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-01-04T07:15:00", "OrderTotal": 329.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3100, "CustomerId": 2836, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Trompton", "street_name": "Edelmira River", "street_address": "144 Greenfelder Coves", "zip_code": "62705", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX231006414352004", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SE Tonare P20E Parlor Satin Black (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "PRS", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The PRS SE P20E is a parlor-sized acoustic with a big voice. The PRS P20E \r\nfeatures all-mahogany construction, and has an organic, warm voice. Featuring \r\nPRS hybrid “X”/Classical bracing, which allows the top to freely vibrate, the SE \r\nP20E projects with even, bold tone. Its smaller size makes playing for hours fun \r\nand comfortable and allows for more convenient transport.

\r\n
Parlor-sized acoustics can be miscategorized because of their size but make \r\nno mistake this is a professional-grade instrument. Plug in, and the Fishman GT1 \r\npickup system delivers dynamic, organic tone, so whether writing, recording, or \r\nperforming the P20E is sure to impress. This electronics system features an \r\nundersaddle pickup and soundhole mounted preamp with easy-to-access volume and \r\ntone controls, which essentially transforms what some may consider a “couch \r\nguitar” into a workhorse stage instrument.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 379.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX231006414352004f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-12T11:07:27.753", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-03-31T02:55:00", "OrderTotal": 379.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3101, "CustomerId": 6142, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Marvisshire", "street_name": "Hilda Skyway", "street_address": "24063 Botsford Inlet", "zip_code": "47434-1512", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230331402955003", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Traditional Series OM Natural (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Maestro", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Best known for making boutique-grade instruments more accessible to players, Maestro Guitars is the only Singapore brand that handcrafts guitars and ukuleles. Started in 2004 by Hozen, Maestro Guitars is a small workshop of highly-skilled luthiers that believe in bringing the best out from every single build; no shortcuts, no compromises.

", "SalesPrice": 799.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230331402955003f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-04-12T10:02:40.81", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-09-29T01:10:00", "OrderTotal": 799.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3102, "CustomerId": 3607, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Ammieview", "street_name": "Beer Vista", "street_address": "190 Fredric Neck", "zip_code": "99059-8159", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201102363634025", "ASN": "4549763279477", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AAD300CE Natural Low Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Advanced Acoustic series represents an important step forward in the long and storied tradition of the acoustic guitar. In what amounts to a fully reimagined acoustic experience, these instruments were designed from the ground up to deliver a richer, brighter, and louder tone, with an unprecedentedly wide dynamic range. With slightly larger than typical proportions, we decided to name this new body shape the “Grand Dreadnought.” This reinvented design achieves a superb, powerful sound, and thanks to the extensive consideration given to the ergonomics, it’s extremely comfortable to play. The Advanced Acoustic series pushes the acoustic guitar to new heights, in a way that promises an exciting new experience for all players.", "SalesPrice": 819.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201102363634025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2021-03-22T15:16:18.707", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-08-29T11:06:00", "OrderTotal": 819.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3103, "CustomerId": 3607, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Ammieview", "street_name": "Beer Vista", "street_address": "190 Fredric Neck", "zip_code": "99059-8159", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201201364609025", "ASN": "4260279937957", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GJA-SG200L Jumbo Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: \r\nguitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were \r\nflooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 825.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/201201364609025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 11, "CreatedOn": "2020-12-01T15:33:33.07", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-10-15T11:39:00", "OrderTotal": 825.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3104, "CustomerId": 6310, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Saundrafort", "street_name": "Lewis Mount", "street_address": "80613 Jennie Oval", "zip_code": "50327-7665", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230829412451025", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "114ce Grand Auditorium (Ex-Demo)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
This cutaway acoustic/electric Grand Auditorium blends layered walnut back \r\nand sides with a solid Sitka spruce top, making it a great all-around acoustic \r\nthat responds well to strumming, flatpicking and fingerpicking. With our \r\npatented Taylor neck, you’ll enjoy easy playability and accurate intonation as \r\nlong as you own the guitar, and the slightly narrower 1-11/16-inch nut width \r\nmakes forming barre chords easier on the hands.  The Venetian cutaway gives you \r\naccess to more upper-end fretboard real estate, while our dynamic Expression \r\nSystem 2 pickup produces a natural amplified acoustic voice that will help you \r\nsound your best whenever you plug in. The clean appointment scheme includes \r\nItalian acrylic dot fretboard inlays, a 3-ring rosette, plus black binding and a \r\nblack pickguard that complement the look of the genuine ebony fretboard and \r\nbridge. The guitar includes a lightweight protective gig bag for easy \r\nportability.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 699.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230829412451025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-12T13:50:37.87", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-01-07T17:01:00", "OrderTotal": 699.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3105, "CustomerId": 6310, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Saundrafort", "street_name": "Lewis Mount", "street_address": "80613 Jennie Oval", "zip_code": "50327-7665", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "171116316761008", "ASN": "0768114475809", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "S2 Acoustic Guitar Trans Red Burst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Adam Black", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Adam Black S2 is a great all-round beginners guitar. It features a laminated spruce top and laminated mahogany back and sides. With standard bracing it helps to deliver clear and pleasant tones. A comfortable neck ensures great playability. This is key when you are just starting out. The Dreadnought body shape is one of the most versatile. It is a great strummer and will handle finger picking too. Exceptional value for money and a good step ahead of most entry level instrument.

", "SalesPrice": 119.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/171116316761008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 2, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2017-11-22T10:58:22.15", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-02-03T02:04:00", "OrderTotal": 119.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3106, "CustomerId": 6310, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Saundrafort", "street_name": "Lewis Mount", "street_address": "80613 Jennie Oval", "zip_code": "50327-7665", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210111365893025", "ASN": "729789601955", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DJR-10E Streetmaster Dreadnought Junior ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Enjoy the booming, full sound of a Dreadnought in a smaller, more playable \r\nsize with the DJR-10E StreetMaster. Its distinctive, distressed finish has a \r\ncomfortably worn look that feels as if it’s an old friend you’ve been playing \r\nfor years. But it doesn’t just look cool; this instrument is super-comfortable \r\nand playable, thanks to a thinner body and a high-performance neck taper. And \r\nwhen you climb on stage or step into the studio, high-performance Fishman \r\nSonitone electronics make it easy to plug in and play your heart out. Whether \r\nit’s your first guitar or the one you take to gigs, the DJR-10E StreetMaster \r\nwill take you to new musical places.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 719.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210111365893025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2021-01-12T16:43:11.93", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-07-18T18:08:00", "OrderTotal": 719.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3107, "CustomerId": 4669, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Nitzschefort", "street_name": "Sylvester Hollow", "street_address": "906 Onita Corners", "zip_code": "81489-1499", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210716371645025", "ASN": "4260685050851", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DT-42", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born. In 1970 “SIGMA”, the brandname for acoustic guitars, was launched. They were built by specially trained staff in the most efficient guitar factories in Japan and then sent to the US for inspection before being released for sale and shipping to the music stores.

\r\n\r\n
“Sigma Guitars” were soon to have an excellent, yes even legendary, reputation. Some models were said to be of outstanding quality, both, in construction and sound. That’s why it is striking, but not surprising, that there are hardly any second-hand Sigma guitars up for sale. Most owners still swear by their instruments and would never part with them. There are Sigma fans, Sigma communities, Sigma websites; and even collectors have specialized in Sigma guitars.

", "SalesPrice": 625.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210716371645025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-03T11:01:08.103", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-03-05T00:33:00", "OrderTotal": 625.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3108, "CustomerId": 4669, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Nitzschefort", "street_name": "Sylvester Hollow", "street_address": "906 Onita Corners", "zip_code": "81489-1499", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380339008", "ASN": "850014868895", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Discovery S Concert Edgeburst Left Handed CE Red Cedar/Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 629.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380339008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-14T15:56:34.163", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-07-27T22:10:00", "OrderTotal": 629.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3109, "CustomerId": 4669, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Nitzschefort", "street_name": "Sylvester Hollow", "street_address": "906 Onita Corners", "zip_code": "81489-1499", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "160119292555008", "ASN": "4260279932907", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SDM-ST All Solid Dreadnought", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That's when \"Sigma Guitars\" was born.
\r\n

\r\n
In 1970 \"SIGMA\", the brandname for acoustic guitars, was launched. They were built by specially trained staff in the most efficient guitar factories in Japan and then sent to the US for inspection before being released for sale and shipping to the music stores.

\r\n
The first Japanese made Sigma guitars were quite different to the instruments built in the following years in other countries. After several years of production the manufacturing of the guitars was moved to Korea, with new model numbers in place, and the development of a new logo. \r\nFrom then on every single guitar featured on the headstock the following words \r\nwith pride: \"Sigma Guitars Est. 1970\".

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 449.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/160119292555008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:51.8513933+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-05-11T18:08:00", "OrderTotal": 449.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3110, "CustomerId": 4669, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Nitzschefort", "street_name": "Sylvester Hollow", "street_address": "906 Onita Corners", "zip_code": "81489-1499", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220302382181027", "ASN": "5060943690183", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "B-225-AG Premium 25mm Western Acoustic Guitar Gig Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ordo", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Ordo is a new brand of solid, rugged and reliable accessories designed by musicians for musicians. Each product in the Ordo range has been made to offer a specific solution for the gigging musician: whether it’s a tough-wearing gig bag, a robust stand or a high quality cable, Ordo has what you need at a price that represents great value.

", "SalesPrice": 64.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220302382181027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-12-22T15:37:23.787", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-01-03T22:12:00", "OrderTotal": 64.99, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3111, "CustomerId": 4182, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Chris", "street_name": "Corina Track", "street_address": "83717 Ferry Unions", "zip_code": "66016-8119", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170809313187008", "ASN": "885978822140", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FB405 Electric Bass Gig Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Fender's F405 Series gig bag is a stylish and affordable way to keep your electric bass safe while traveling. Its durable outer layer is constructed of tough 400 Denier polyester that protects against impacts and also avoids ripping and tearing. Its interior is filled with 5mm padding lined with soft touch velour that keeps your instrument snug and secure while preventing potential finish damage.The F405 gig bag also comes with a comfortable two-piece handle and ergonomic backpack straps, so you can comfortably carry your instrument without any unnecessary physical strain. Plus, the front slip pocket offers additional storage for small accessories.", "SalesPrice": 23.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/140/170809313187008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2017-08-15T17:00:05.583", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-04-26T18:06:00", "OrderTotal": 23.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3112, "CustomerId": 886, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Edmondfort", "street_name": "Weston Hill", "street_address": "4925 Micah Inlet", "zip_code": "84262", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200127354827008", "ASN": "825362101109", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SE A50E Black Gold", "Title": "", "BrandName": "PRS", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 699.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200127354827008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2020-01-28T15:04:32.3", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-08-25T19:45:00", "OrderTotal": 699.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3113, "CustomerId": 886, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Edmondfort", "street_name": "Weston Hill", "street_address": "4925 Micah Inlet", "zip_code": "84262", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230502404651008", "ASN": "4549763345332", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AEWC12 Prussian Blue Metallic Flat", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Known the world over for shredding gear, Ibanez is also well-versed in the manufacture of acoustic guitars uniquely suited for electric guitar players: the AEWC. Inspired by the electric guitar's fast playability and appearance, this is a sleek, modern acoustic guitar that shredders will have very little trouble adapting to.\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 329.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230502404651008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 5, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-31T16:51:35.35", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-06-28T04:58:00", "OrderTotal": 329.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3114, "CustomerId": 886, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Edmondfort", "street_name": "Weston Hill", "street_address": "4925 Micah Inlet", "zip_code": "84262", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230608406208008", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "V54NJP Jampack V54 Open Pore Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Jampacks are perfect for beginning students and come with \"Everything You Need To Get Out and Jam\" - guitar, electronic tuner, and a whole lot more.\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 159.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230608406208008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-08-01T11:33:28.1", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-09-05T14:59:00", "OrderTotal": 159.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3115, "CustomerId": 886, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Edmondfort", "street_name": "Weston Hill", "street_address": "4925 Micah Inlet", "zip_code": "84262", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380358008", "ASN": "850014868840", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Rainforest S Concert Midnight Blue CE African Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 689.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380358008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 5, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-15T16:40:02.737", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-09-21T09:43:00", "OrderTotal": 689.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3116, "CustomerId": 7670, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Maggieville", "street_name": "Haley Lakes", "street_address": "81925 Will Meadows", "zip_code": "16505-4709", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210716371647025", "ASN": "4260685050899", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CM-2 Classical", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born. In 1970 “SIGMA”, the brand name for acoustic guitars, was launched. They were built by specially trained staff in the most efficient guitar factories in Japan and then sent to the US for inspection before being released for sale and shipping to the music stores.

\r\n\r\n
“Sigma Guitars” were soon to have an excellent, yes even legendary, reputation. Some models were said to be of outstanding quality, both, in construction and sound. That’s why it is striking, but not surprising, that there are hardly any second-hand Sigma guitars up for sale. Most owners still swear by their instruments and would never part with them. There are Sigma fans, Sigma communities, Sigma websites; and even collectors have specialized in Sigma guitars.

", "SalesPrice": 295.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210716371647025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-06-26T09:38:53.52", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-10-17T13:19:00", "OrderTotal": 295.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3117, "CustomerId": 7670, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Maggieville", "street_name": "Haley Lakes", "street_address": "81925 Will Meadows", "zip_code": "16505-4709", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180109320582008", "ASN": "4260279937407", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "TM-15E", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became \r\ndifficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, \r\nwere flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 365.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/180109320582008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-02-19T11:45:13.163", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-03-18T07:27:00", "OrderTotal": 365.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3118, "CustomerId": 7670, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Maggieville", "street_name": "Haley Lakes", "street_address": "81925 Will Meadows", "zip_code": "16505-4709", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210128366388025", "ASN": "05051548034663", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "3/4 Size Classical Pack Purple", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Encore", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Encore Classic Guitars have enjoyed a market leading reputation for many \r\nyears as the #1 choice for student classical instruments. These \r\neasy-to-get-on-with guitars are the ideal way to begin learning the exciting \r\nskills of playing classical guitar, at any age.

\r\n
Encore has teamed up with Your Guitar Academy to provide online tuition to \r\nlearn to play your Encore guitar. Beginner courses are available for \r\nclassic/acoustic, electric and bass guitar with hints, tips and lessons.

\r\n\r\n
Pack Includes:

\r\n
\r\n\t
 3/4 Size Guitar
\r\n\t
Guitar Carry Bag
\r\n\t
Guitar Strap
\r\n\t
Pitch Pipe
\r\n\t
Spare Set of Strings
\r\n\t
Tutorial DVD
\r\n
\r\n", "SalesPrice": 89.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210128366388025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 13, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2021-02-16T12:36:26.123", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-14T10:17:00", "OrderTotal": 89.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3119, "CustomerId": 7670, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Maggieville", "street_name": "Haley Lakes", "street_address": "81925 Will Meadows", "zip_code": "16505-4709", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX231024414852004", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "ESC105 Classical Narrow Neck (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The ESC105 gives beginner guitarists a comfortable, quality instrument to set them up for a lifetime of passion and enjoyment in their playing. This guitar punches well above its weight with quality materials and construction that far exceeds its price, giving your budding guitarist a solid starting point that will be with them for years to come.

", "SalesPrice": 79.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX231024414852004f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-27T15:51:28.57", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-03-29T19:43:00", "OrderTotal": 79.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3120, "CustomerId": 5700, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Harrisstad", "street_name": "Grimes Ville", "street_address": "703 Juan Springs", "zip_code": "96936", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230404403216025", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DM-1L Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born. In 1970 “SIGMA”, the brand name for acoustic guitars, was launched. They were built by specially trained staff in the most efficient guitar factories in Japan and then sent to the US for inspection before being released for sale and shipping to the music stores.

\r\n\r\n
“Sigma Guitars” were soon to have an excellent, yes even legendary, reputation. Some models were said to be of outstanding quality, both, in construction and sound. That’s why it is striking, but not surprising, that there are hardly any second-hand Sigma guitars up for sale. Most owners still swear by their instruments and would never part with them. There are Sigma fans, Sigma communities, Sigma websites; and even collectors have specialized in Sigma guitars.

", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230404403216025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-06-26T10:40:16.8", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-05-07T10:39:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3121, "CustomerId": 5700, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Harrisstad", "street_name": "Grimes Ville", "street_address": "703 Juan Springs", "zip_code": "96936", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "12050912044458", "ASN": "885978132676", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "G5022CE Rancher Jumbo Cutaway Electric", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Gretsch", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
A great Gretsch guitar returns with the Rancher acoustic guitars. The richly resonant Rancher first appeared in the early 1950s with a highly distinctive triangular sound hole and sweepingly elegant pickguard, and Gretsch is now very proud to reintroduce the model with its classic features intact. With a great new selection of body sizes, styles and features that combine the best of the guitar's acclaimed past with the best in modern sound, strength, style and playability, Gretsch now gives you the best of all Ranchers.

\r\n\r\n
The biggest and fullest-sounding Rancher is the G5022CE Rancher Jumbo Cutaway Electric, which produces great volume and broadly expansive tone complemented by its elegant Venetian cutaway for easy access to the fingerboard's upper reaches and onboard electronics that let it be heard even more loudly and clearly.

", "SalesPrice": 479.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/110/12050912044458.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:53.1482694+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-07-29T05:54:00", "OrderTotal": 479.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3122, "CustomerId": 5700, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Harrisstad", "street_name": "Grimes Ville", "street_address": "703 Juan Springs", "zip_code": "96936", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220303382349025-11352388", "ASN": "4260685051520", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "S00M-18S (Ex-Demo) #220507261", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 629.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220303382349025-11352388f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-16T12:38:19.3", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-04-17T16:10:00", "OrderTotal": 629.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3123, "CustomerId": 5700, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Harrisstad", "street_name": "Grimes Ville", "street_address": "703 Juan Springs", "zip_code": "96936", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200403358586025", "ASN": "885978198528", "Category": "ACSTD", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Classic Series Case 7 Guitar Stand Tweed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Fender Instrument Case Stands are a great way to display and protect multiple \r\ninstruments. This case stand looks like a traditional case but easily turns into \r\na stage-worthy guitar stand. Crafted with road-reliable materials, this 3-ply \r\nhardshell wooden case boasts a vinyl-wrapped steel carry handle and steel \r\nlatches. The soft, crushed-acrylic plush interior lining ensures your guitars \r\nremain scratch and damage-free.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 289.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200403358586025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-04-03T16:46:41.973", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-01-11T19:21:00", "OrderTotal": 289.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3124, "CustomerId": 3695, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Evangelinaside", "street_name": "Sipes Glens", "street_address": "631 Elia Grove", "zip_code": "51593-3767", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "14030615413532", "ASN": "4957812547734", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "LL16ARE Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The L16 features all-solid Rosewood/Mahogany back and sides with hand-selected premium Engelmann Spruce top. Newly designed bracing pattern and A.R.E. treatment create rich warmth and open resonance while maintaining excellent tone balance which makes this gutar fit in a band perfectly. In addition, new comfortable neck profile and Yamaha's Zero impact pickup ensure you a stress-free performance on stage.", "SalesPrice": 979.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/14030615413532.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:53.4607693+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-01-07T14:17:00", "OrderTotal": 979.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3125, "CustomerId": 9715, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Alinemouth", "street_name": "Reinger Estate", "street_address": "7779 Diedra Curve", "zip_code": "82348-3575", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230911413035025-11294408", "ASN": "00887766052586", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "BTe-Koa all Koa #2201262225", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Baby Taylor has always inspired new and experienced players alike with \r\nits compact size and tuneful sound, and this model (BTe-Koa) takes the design to \r\nthe next level with all-Hawaiian-koa construction. The solid top serves up \r\nclear, vibrant acoustic tone with koa's distinctive sparkle, while the layered \r\nback and sides add a rich visual dimension thanks to koa's beautiful grain. This \r\nthree-quarter-size acoustic guitar includes ES-B electronics with a handy \r\ndigital tuner, and includes a lightweight gig bag, making it a perfect option \r\nfor playing on the couch, jamming around the campfire or practicing on the road.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230911413035025-11294408f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-10T09:17:01.767", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-12-08T00:13:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3126, "CustomerId": 3627, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kiehnborough", "street_name": "Reichert View", "street_address": "99920 Morissette Points", "zip_code": "09324", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "05062715033019", "ASN": "4957812496933", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CS40 Classical 3/4 Size", "Title": "Next Day Delivery Available", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Yamaha's CS range of nylon classical guitars offer 3/4 sized instruments perfect for those with a smaller frame. With 2-ply back and sides, ultra thin finishes and player focused design - the CS guitars are the first guitar of choice. \r\n", "SalesPrice": 115.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/05062715033019f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:53.7107689+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-05-19T20:13:00", "OrderTotal": 115.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3127, "CustomerId": 3627, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kiehnborough", "street_name": "Reichert View", "street_address": "99920 Morissette Points", "zip_code": "09324", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220413384061008", "ASN": "4957812490276", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Yamaha JR2 3/4 Acoustic Tobacco Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 169.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220413384061008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 1, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-04-28T14:25:09.083", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-06-29T18:49:00", "OrderTotal": 169.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3128, "CustomerId": 3627, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kiehnborough", "street_name": "Reichert View", "street_address": "99920 Morissette Points", "zip_code": "09324", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230706409113008", "ASN": "5051548019035", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "V300BK Folk Guitar- Solid Top-Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Vintage", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
It didn’t take long for guitarists around the world to realise, that the Vintage V300 Acoustic Folk Guitar is far from an affordable, start-up, beginner guitar.

\n
Players love the great looks of the Eastern mahogany body, the warm, mid-range focused output and dynamic delivery of this superb tonewood. Solid spruce is the choice for the soundboard, perfect for its light sonic characteristics, delivering a bright clear tone, ideal for big chord projection, solo note runs and intricate fingerpicking.

\n
The aesthetics and features of the Vintage V300 Acoustic Folk Guitar, immediately conjure up an image of models costing three times as much, with a palm-friendly Eastern mahogany neck, super smooth, bound fingerboard with dot inlays, multi-ply body bindings, Eastern mahogany bridge, decorative soundhole rosette and smooth-geared machine heads.

\n
The biggest problem for potential owners is deciding on one of five stunning finishes: Natural~Vintage Sunburst~Black~Mahogany~Antiqued.

", "SalesPrice": 199.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230706409113008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-17T14:56:54.087", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-02-09T03:28:00", "OrderTotal": 199.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3129, "CustomerId": 3627, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kiehnborough", "street_name": "Reichert View", "street_address": "99920 Morissette Points", "zip_code": "09324", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "221207397356025", "ASN": "00887766114376", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GS Mini Rosewood Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 649.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/221207397356025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-05-15T11:23:31.487", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-06-06T19:17:00", "OrderTotal": 649.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3130, "CustomerId": 1379, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Marlyshaven", "street_name": "Jewell Trail", "street_address": "680 Stokes Canyon", "zip_code": "15013", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230705407536008", "ASN": "717669621476", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Redondo Player Walnut Fingerboard Candy Apple Red", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Inspired by the iconic designs of Fender electric guitars, California Player \r\nacoustics evoke the west coast spirit of adventure and freedom, inviting \r\nmusicians to explore their individual creativity and disrupt the status quo.

\r\n
Crafted with an X-braced solid spruce top and sapele back and sides, the \r\ndreadnought body of the Redondo Player produces a deep, robust voice with \r\nexceptional projection and volume for a wide variety of musical settings. The \r\nnato neck is designed with an easy-to-play slim “C”-shaped profile, a 25.5\" \r\nscale length, and a tilt-back 6-in-line headstock for a distinctive look born \r\nfrom Fender’s electric guitar DNA. Other notable details include vintage-style \r\ntuning machines for smooth, accurate tuning, a GraphTech® NuBone® nut and saddle \r\nfor detailed harmonic character. With elegantly integrated controls for a sleek, \r\nmodern look, the onboard Fishman® Flex preamp system allows faithful \r\nreproduction of the guitar’s natural sound when plugged into an amplifier or \r\nrecording device.

\r\n
Bold, eye-catching and unique, California Series instruments make no \r\ncompromises, balancing effortless playability, superior sound, and standout \r\nstyle for those who aspire to play something different.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 349.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230705407536008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-11T14:08:35.61", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-11-12T05:24:00", "OrderTotal": 349.99, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3131, "CustomerId": 4368, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rueckerland", "street_name": "Stark Key", "street_address": "38036 Mertz Flats", "zip_code": "48228", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200617359419025", "ASN": "711106045368", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Inspired by Gibson Hummingbird Aged Natural Antique Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Hummingbird is one of the most instantly-recognizable and remarkable \r\nacoustic guitars ever built. The new Epiphone Inspired by Gibson Hummingbird \r\nblends solid woods, vintage appointments and a Fishman Sonicore under-saddle \r\npickup and Sonitone preamp. Outfitted with gold Epiphone Deluxe tuners, top and \r\nback multi-ply binding, Kalamazoo style headstock, and a bone nut and saddle.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 749.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200617359419025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2020-08-05T14:33:23.54", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-10-12T15:19:00", "OrderTotal": 749.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3132, "CustomerId": 4368, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rueckerland", "street_name": "Stark Key", "street_address": "38036 Mertz Flats", "zip_code": "48228", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220413384023025", "ASN": "4260279937414", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SDM-STE", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220413384023025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2022-04-28T21:41:20.69", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-05-17T04:25:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3133, "CustomerId": 4368, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rueckerland", "street_name": "Stark Key", "street_address": "38036 Mertz Flats", "zip_code": "48228", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "12122216033832", "ASN": "4515110038752", "Category": "GUAG_2", "Online": true, "ItemName": "PF1512 Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
With PF Performance guitars, you get professional features, quality, and \r\ngreat sound at extremely inexpensive prices backed by the Ibanez name and \r\nquality.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 229.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/12122216033832f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:54.5239483+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-02-10T02:06:00", "OrderTotal": 229.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3134, "CustomerId": 4368, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rueckerland", "street_name": "Stark Key", "street_address": "38036 Mertz Flats", "zip_code": "48228", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "190219339565008", "ASN": "885978011414", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CN-60S Natural Walnut Fingerboard", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Classic Design CN models combine the easy playability and distinct tone of nylon strings with the comfort of steel-string spacing. We've replaced the typically wide necks normally found on classical guitars with the same easy-playing neck profile found on all other Classic Design models. The CN-60S also features a solid spruce top, mahogany back and sides and rolled fingerboard edges.

\r\n\r\n
The CN-60S is a perfect choice for the developing player seeking a softer string that's easier to fret, while still offering the rich tones of a classical guitar. Putting comfort first, this instrument is an excellent starting point for those who are just beginning their musical journey.

", "SalesPrice": 179.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/190219339565008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2019-03-13T16:09:52.887", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-08-03T01:21:00", "OrderTotal": 179.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3135, "CustomerId": 3287, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Pierre", "street_name": "Wiegand Key", "street_address": "4941 Willms Parkway", "zip_code": "80338", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230907412845008", "ASN": "8809817983047", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Sunset Nylectric Deluxe Tobacco Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Cort", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "For electric guitar players who are looking for a great classical nylon-string sound on stage, the Sunset Nylectric DLX provides flexibility and rock-solid performance without the hassles of amplifying a traditional nylon-string classical guitar. Newly applied thinner body depth (45mm) provides better comfort in any situation.", "SalesPrice": 649.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230907412845008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-08T15:54:00.73", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-05-22T08:49:00", "OrderTotal": 649.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3136, "CustomerId": 3287, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Pierre", "street_name": "Wiegand Key", "street_address": "4941 Willms Parkway", "zip_code": "80338", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "211109376657025", "ASN": "0846940040603", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Traditional Series E2OM Orchestra", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Eastman", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/211109376657025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2022-02-08T16:13:59.273", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-01-28T08:19:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3137, "CustomerId": 7960, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lehnerfurt", "street_name": "Sipes Roads", "street_address": "5835 Nyla Fords", "zip_code": "77000", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220706388590025", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "210ce Dreadnought Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 949.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220706388590025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-01T12:22:53.863", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-08-17T06:25:00", "OrderTotal": 949.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3138, "CustomerId": 7960, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lehnerfurt", "street_name": "Sipes Roads", "street_address": "5835 Nyla Fords", "zip_code": "77000", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "14081313595477", "ASN": "649241887751", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "M80-AC-BLK Classical/OM Bag Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Mono", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The classic MONO M80 Hybrid Case can be found in the hands of \r\ninfluential musicians from Brooklyn to Seoul to São Palo and everywhere in \r\nbetween. Its patented protective features and light weight hybrid shell \r\nrevolutionized the way we travel with our guitars, and brought musician luggage \r\ninto the 21st century. Years of feedback from working artists has driven \r\ncountless tiny improvements, proving that this original design just gets better \r\nwith time. If you own a guitar, you should own a MONO.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 229.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/140/14081313595477.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2017-12-14T12:38:44.517", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-07-13T23:43:00", "OrderTotal": 229.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3139, "CustomerId": 7960, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lehnerfurt", "street_name": "Sipes Roads", "street_address": "5835 Nyla Fords", "zip_code": "77000", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "10092913184358", "ASN": "4957812472180", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CG142S Classical Spruce", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Drawing upon the vast knowledge, know-how and techniques of Yamaha's master craftsmen, has been developed the Concert series; to deliver the best tone and performance from a classical guitar. With slightly thinner back and sides and Yamaha's trade mark thin finish these instruments delivers better sound response.", "SalesPrice": 349.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/102/10092913184358.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:55.2895754+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-07-16T04:14:00", "OrderTotal": 349.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3140, "CustomerId": 9259, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Jamiestad", "street_name": "Bobby Dam", "street_address": "1773 Andreas Isle", "zip_code": "59230", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230829412463025", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "214ce Black Deluxe Grand Auditorium (Ex-Demo)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Crisp white binding on a full-gloss, all-black body highlights the contours of this eye-catching all-black 200 Series Deluxe Grand Auditorium. A solid Sitka spruce top helps project clear, balanced tone, and a Venetian cutaway broadens your tonal range by offering easy access to the upper register. When you’re ready to plug in, Taylor’s proprietary Expression System electronics will respond with articulate amplified tone. Each model ships in a Taylor standard hardshell case.", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230829412463025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-12T13:54:54.19", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-09-19T03:49:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3141, "CustomerId": 9259, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Jamiestad", "street_name": "Bobby Dam", "street_address": "1773 Andreas Isle", "zip_code": "59230", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201130364575025", "ASN": "711106480022", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "J-200EC Studio Parlor Vintage Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The J-200 EC Studio Parlor reimagines the historic J-200™ Jumbo as a smaller ‘parlor’-sized acoustic/electric made easy for traveling. Other features include a solid spruce top, Grover® Mini-Rotomatic® tuners, and new this year, the Fishman® Sonicore™ pickup and Presys™ II preamp system.

", "SalesPrice": 499.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201130364575025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 4, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2021-12-22T14:32:05.077", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-11-30T20:45:00", "OrderTotal": 499.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3142, "CustomerId": 9259, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Jamiestad", "street_name": "Bobby Dam", "street_address": "1773 Andreas Isle", "zip_code": "59230", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "12111713420432-11193431", "ASN": "4957812520164", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "APXT2DRB Dark Red Burst (Ex-Demo) #IIZ267524", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Yamaha have taken their biggest selling acoustic guitar design, the APX, and redesigned it at 3.4 size to make the ultimate travel guitar! Have fun with your favourite Yamaha anywhere you go with this stylish and practical down-sized design.

\n
Featuring a Spruce top and a 22 13/16” scale length, the APXT2 feels sturdy and big enough to play without compromise but most definitely small enough to feel like you can just grab it and take it with you! this model is Dark Red Burst and retains the distinctive APX look.

\n
It is, like it’s big brother the APX, an electro acoustic and the pickup system is Yamaha’s own System 68. The onboard control panel allow you to adjust the volume, tone and built-in tuner directly from your instrument! You can literally take this guitar from the beach to the stage!

\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

", "SalesPrice": 189.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/12111713420432-11193431f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-27T14:42:45.933", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-11-19T01:43:00", "OrderTotal": 189.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3143, "CustomerId": 9259, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Jamiestad", "street_name": "Bobby Dam", "street_address": "1773 Andreas Isle", "zip_code": "59230", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210716371643025", "ASN": "4260279932624", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "000MC-15E Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: \r\nguitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were \r\nflooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 469.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210716371643025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2021-08-19T09:54:20.533", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-10-02T04:45:00", "OrderTotal": 469.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3144, "CustomerId": 3329, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Armstrongchester", "street_name": "Erdman Ferry", "street_address": "191 Janise Isle", "zip_code": "00837-4584", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230706409112008", "ASN": "5051548033819", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "V300 Acoustic Folk Guitar Outfit Antiqued", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Vintage", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
It didn’t take long for guitarists around the world to realise, that the Vintage V300 Acoustic Folk Guitar is far from an affordable, start-up, beginner guitar.

\n
Players love the great looks of the Eastern mahogany body, the warm, mid-range focused output and dynamic delivery of this superb tonewood. Solid spruce is the choice for the soundboard, perfect for its light sonic characteristics, delivering a bright clear tone, ideal for big chord projection, solo note runs and intricate fingerpicking.

\n
The aesthetics and features of the Vintage V300 Acoustic Folk Guitar, immediately conjure up an image of models costing three times as much, with a palm-friendly Eastern mahogany neck, super smooth, bound fingerboard with dot inlays, multi-ply body bindings, Eastern mahogany bridge, decorative soundhole rosette and smooth-geared machine heads.

", "SalesPrice": 239.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230706409112008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-19T10:42:37.343", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-11-07T07:24:00", "OrderTotal": 239.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3145, "CustomerId": 3329, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Armstrongchester", "street_name": "Erdman Ferry", "street_address": "191 Janise Isle", "zip_code": "00837-4584", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180108320459008", "ASN": "04549763064790", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AEWC400 Trans Black Burst ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
As an industry leader in the use of Exotic tonewoods, Ibanez continues to innovate with their new AEW series. This fresh approach merges a classic Spruce top with an elegant exotic tonewood back-and-sides. The thinner, amplification-friendly body of these new acoustic/electrics make them the perfect choice for gigging singer-songwriters. A \"soft\" Florentine cutaway provides easy accessibility all the way to the 17th fret. The Fishman Pickup and Ibanez Preamp deliver excellent reproduction and control of tonal characteristics and easy operation. The exotic tonewoods give each respective model a distinctive tone and appearance that will garner attention and inspire the imagination. Let yourself be captured by the grandeur of the AEW Series.\r\n

", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/180108320459008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-10-16T10:37:18.01", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-09-12T01:09:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3146, "CustomerId": 3329, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Armstrongchester", "street_name": "Erdman Ferry", "street_address": "191 Janise Isle", "zip_code": "00837-4584", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210222367015025", "ASN": "5060887830454", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "J1 Satin Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "EastCoast", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 89.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210222367015025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 11, "CreatedOn": "2021-12-07T10:49:21.24", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-13T16:20:00", "OrderTotal": 89.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3147, "CustomerId": 3329, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Armstrongchester", "street_name": "Erdman Ferry", "street_address": "191 Janise Isle", "zip_code": "00837-4584", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180116321008008", "ASN": "0768114475632", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "O2 Folk Trans Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Adam Black", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Adam Black Guitar Company, based in Essex, creates a range of guitars to meet the high standards set by today's guitarists.

", "SalesPrice": 119.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/180116321008008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2018-04-09T10:53:10.507", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-21T15:50:00", "OrderTotal": 119.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3148, "CustomerId": 5561, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Scotthaven", "street_name": "Walter Circles", "street_address": "9156 Karly Bypass", "zip_code": "59210", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220302382185027", "ASN": "5060943690220", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "B-120-AG Deluxe Western Acoustic Guitar Gig Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ordo", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Ordo is a new brand of solid, rugged and reliable accessories designed by musicians for musicians. Each product in the Ordo wide range has been made to offer a specific solution for the gigging musician: whether it’s a tough-wearing gig bag, a robust stand or a high quality cable, Ordo has what you need at a price that represents great value.

\r\n
Acoustic guitarists looking for a durable and useful padded gig bag should check out this offering from Ordo.

\r\n
Made from high grade water-repellent nylon, this bag offers a full 20mm of foam padding to offer an excellent level of protection. There are also two fully adjustable & reinforced shoulder straps and a strong handle for carrying options.

\r\n
Two good sized front pockets allow you the opportunity to store accessories and sheet music. All in all, this sturdy and reliable bag is a great choice for all musicians using dreadnought and similar sized acoustic guitars.

", "SalesPrice": 44.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220302382185027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-10-28T11:16:31.573", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-11-30T10:53:00", "OrderTotal": 44.99, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3149, "CustomerId": 5561, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Scotthaven", "street_name": "Walter Circles", "street_address": "9156 Karly Bypass", "zip_code": "59210", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "160202293387008", "ASN": "4957812589031", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SLG200 Silent Guitar Steel Trans Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The neck shape and 634mm scale length of the SLG200S continue the design \r\nlegacy of conventional acoustic guitars, while its ultra-slim body is perfect \r\nfor players of both acoustic and electric instruments.

\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 679.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/160202293387008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-08-21T11:26:04.71", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-04-05T03:53:00", "OrderTotal": 679.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3150, "CustomerId": 5561, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Scotthaven", "street_name": "Walter Circles", "street_address": "9156 Karly Bypass", "zip_code": "59210", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200109353781008", "ASN": "4957812657525", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SL200SCRB Steel Crimson Red Burst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Yamaha® SLG200S Silent GuitarTM has\r\nalways been the perfect instrument for practice,\r\ntravel, and performing—and the new Crimson\r\nRed Burst finish adds a bold, modern aesthetic\r\nto the collapsible rosewood and mahogany\r\nbody. The SLG200S delivers quiet operation,\r\nsuperb sound quality from the SRT Powered preamp\r\nsystem, and jam-along line-in functionality.

\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 679.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/200109353781008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-01-14T16:22:28.887", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-05-13T08:44:00", "OrderTotal": 679.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3151, "CustomerId": 5561, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Scotthaven", "street_name": "Walter Circles", "street_address": "9156 Karly Bypass", "zip_code": "59210", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230510404918025-11443339", "ASN": "887766111788", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GS Mini-e Koa ES-B 1.2 #2201263352", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The GS Mini-e Koa brings the vibrant sound and organic beauty of Hawaiian koa to Taylor's ultra-popular reduced-scale acoustic guitar. The GS Mini's compact proportions make it a great choice for players who take their music on the road, and with a solid koa top, this model serves up a rich, bold sound that punches well above its weight for a smaller guitar. The built-in ES-B pickup offers clear, natural amplified tone and includes a digital tuner with an easy-to-read LED display. The GS Mini-e Koa ships with a structured gig bag.

", "SalesPrice": 799.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230510404918025-11443339f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-27T10:49:09.07", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-06-14T16:59:00", "OrderTotal": 799.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3152, "CustomerId": 9193, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Cameron", "street_name": "Arnulfo Greens", "street_address": "954 Bobby Plain", "zip_code": "21103", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230406403347025", "ASN": "00887766108139", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AeroCase Grand Theater Choc Brown ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Taylor GT is a guitar designed for serious fun, and the AeroCase is \r\nperfectly matched to provide protection while you transport your guitar between \r\npractices, jam sessions and gigs. The AeroCase features a durable, resilient \r\nstructure made with materials less than one-third the weight of a traditional \r\nhardshell guitar case, making it a perfect choice for travel. This AeroCase is \r\nexclusively fitted for Taylor GT (Grand Theater) models.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 189.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230406403347025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-04-19T09:17:11.843", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-11-14T09:59:00", "OrderTotal": 189.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3153, "CustomerId": 9193, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Cameron", "street_name": "Arnulfo Greens", "street_address": "954 Bobby Plain", "zip_code": "21103", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "171116316761008", "ASN": "0768114475809", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "S2 Acoustic Guitar Trans Red Burst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Adam Black", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Adam Black S2 is a great all-round beginners guitar. It features a laminated spruce top and laminated mahogany back and sides. With standard bracing it helps to deliver clear and pleasant tones. A comfortable neck ensures great playability. This is key when you are just starting out. The Dreadnought body shape is one of the most versatile. It is a great strummer and will handle finger picking too. Exceptional value for money and a good step ahead of most entry level instrument.

", "SalesPrice": 119.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/171116316761008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 2, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2017-11-22T10:58:22.15", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-01-14T08:16:00", "OrderTotal": 119.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3154, "CustomerId": 9193, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Cameron", "street_name": "Arnulfo Greens", "street_address": "954 Bobby Plain", "zip_code": "21103", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220601386943025", "ASN": "00887766111641", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Academy 12e Grand Concert Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 659.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220601386943025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-06-08T13:56:01.163", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-10-04T23:21:00", "OrderTotal": 659.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3155, "CustomerId": 9193, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Cameron", "street_name": "Arnulfo Greens", "street_address": "954 Bobby Plain", "zip_code": "21103", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230404403206025", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "S000M-18", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born. In 1970 “SIGMA”, the brand name for acoustic guitars, was launched. They were built by specially trained staff in the most efficient guitar factories in Japan and then sent to the US for inspection before being released for sale and shipping to the music stores.

\r\n\r\n
“Sigma Guitars” were soon to have an excellent, yes even legendary, reputation. Some models were said to be of outstanding quality, both, in construction and sound. That’s why it is striking, but not surprising, that there are hardly any second-hand Sigma guitars up for sale. Most owners still swear by their instruments and would never part with them. There are Sigma fans, Sigma communities, Sigma websites; and even collectors have specialized in Sigma guitars.

", "SalesPrice": 699.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230404403206025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-06-26T11:28:45.19", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-12-28T23:35:00", "OrderTotal": 699.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3156, "CustomerId": 6876, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Harleyton", "street_name": "Timika Branch", "street_address": "8719 Maggio Place", "zip_code": "83383", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "191119351268008", "ASN": "00885978877133", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "ESC105 Classical Narrow Neck", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 119.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/191119351268008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 4, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2019-11-28T15:40:50.6", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-06-16T23:32:00", "OrderTotal": 119.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3157, "CustomerId": 6626, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Nathalie", "street_name": "Watsica Crossroad", "street_address": "8483 Marquardt Plaza", "zip_code": "81246", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PXP230831412544006-10992783", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "APX1200 Natural (Pre-Owned) #HPZ230535", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
APX series, highly evaluated for its playability on stage, is now available with all solid with SRT system. In addition to the quick response and attack of APX, solid Rosewood of side and back gives rich sustain. New cosmetics, such as Mahogany wood binding, black button on tuning machine, and the position marks are abalone/ MOP arrows seen in SG3000... it is simple, but gives us high-end appearance.

", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PXP230831412544006-10992783f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-08T13:51:01.283", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-05-17T09:27:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3158, "CustomerId": 1326, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Joantown", "street_name": "Reinger Springs", "street_address": "25536 McDermott Fork", "zip_code": "76452-2864", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200403358589025", "ASN": "00885978522835", "Category": "ACSTD", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Deluxe Hanging Stand", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Fender deluxe hanging guitar stands conveniently showcase your acoustic, \r\nelectric or bass guitar and are durable enough for road use. Along with being \r\nportable and efficient, the stand's padded yokes are perfect for guitars with \r\nsensitive finishes, such as nitrocellulose.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 24.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200403358589025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-04-03T16:50:22.41", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-08-23T00:59:00", "OrderTotal": 24.99, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3159, "CustomerId": 7975, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Houston", "street_name": "Chelsie Cove", "street_address": "452 Franecki Ports", "zip_code": "61915", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220923394177008", "ASN": "4549763062734", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Artwood Vintage AVD11 Antique Natural Semi Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Artwood Vintage series now showcases another vintage element by applying an \"aging\" process to the tonewood : \"Thermo Aged™\" tone wood, made by a special drying process at a high temperature which is commonly known as \"baking\" or \"torrefaction.\"", "SalesPrice": 329.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220923394177008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-05-19T10:49:01.607", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-01-31T20:59:00", "OrderTotal": 329.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3160, "CustomerId": 7975, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Houston", "street_name": "Chelsie Cove", "street_address": "452 Franecki Ports", "zip_code": "61915", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "181121335254008", "ASN": "812309027509", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Masterworks MF60OM Herringbone", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Alvarez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
For some players, the OM is the perfect guitar. Designed correctly, its body \r\nshape can deliver near perfect balance and separation. We designed the MF60OM to \r\ndo exactly that, giving players impressive balance in both tonality and volume \r\nacross all six strings, making it an articulate and accurate instrument.

\r\n
Tonally we have balanced the compression available from the smaller body size \r\nwith a lighter weight X-brace design to keep the round notes and super-fast \r\nresponse but balance those features with a more open projection. No matter what \r\nmusic or playing style you gravitate to, this all-solid, finely dressed guitar \r\nis a true all-rounder with an impressive, eloquent voicing.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 399.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/181121335254008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2019-02-15T11:59:16.867", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-05T11:36:00", "OrderTotal": 399.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3161, "CustomerId": 535, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Adolfo", "street_name": "Bailey Brook", "street_address": "9278 Millard Hollow", "zip_code": "66829-0014", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "13120714505458", "ASN": "606559325962", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "PF15ECE-BK Black High Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "With PF Performance guitars, you get professional features, quality, and great sound at extremely inexpensive prices backed by the Ibanez name and quality.\r\n", "SalesPrice": 289.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/13120714505458.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:58.0401707+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-28T18:35:00", "OrderTotal": 289.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3162, "CustomerId": 535, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Port Adolfo", "street_name": "Bailey Brook", "street_address": "9278 Millard Hollow", "zip_code": "66829-0014", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200109353776008", "ASN": "4957812657600", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "NTX1BL Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Yamaha® NTX1 acoustic-electric nylonstring\r\nguitar’s modern looks and comfortable\r\nneck profile enable electric guitarists and steelstring\r\nplayers to easily explore the world of\r\nnylon-string playing.

\r\n\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 399.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/200109353776008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-01-14T16:44:31.48", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-09-20T03:00:00", "OrderTotal": 399.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3163, "CustomerId": 7651, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Jamila", "street_name": "Harber Prairie", "street_address": "848 D'Amore Rest", "zip_code": "97655", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "211029376148025", "ASN": "4957812669245", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FSCTABS Transacoustic FS Cutaway Brown Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Yamaha TransAcoustic ® guitars transport you to new creative spaces via spacious\r\nreverb and lush chorus effects that resonate within the body of the instrument itself.

\r\n\r\n
Imagine being totally immersed in the sound of your acoustic guitar, hearing and feeling it reverberate around you as you play—without the need for external amplification or speakers. Now, the new FSC-TA cutaway models also enable guitarists to easily access the entire fretboard, further extending their creative possibilities.

", "SalesPrice": 649.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/211029376148025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2021-10-29T16:25:31.607", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-07-28T06:10:00", "OrderTotal": 649.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3164, "CustomerId": 7651, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Jamila", "street_name": "Harber Prairie", "street_address": "848 D'Amore Rest", "zip_code": "97655", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "160406296794008", "ASN": "4957812607889", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "LS-TA Transacoustic Concert Vintage Tint", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "There’s nothing so inspiring as playing guitar in a great sounding room – it makes you play better, longer and with more creativity. The Yamaha TransAcoustic Guitar recreates that incredible experience without needing any external amplification or effects, just the guitar itself. It’s the most inspiring acoustic guitar you’ve ever played.", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/160406296794008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:58.41517+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-02-12T16:29:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3165, "CustomerId": 7651, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Jamila", "street_name": "Harber Prairie", "street_address": "848 D'Amore Rest", "zip_code": "97655", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210122366316025", "ASN": "4957812651776", "Category": "DDK", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DTX6K-X Electronic Drum Kit", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The DTX6 series features the DTX-PRO module with it's innovative KIT MODIFIERs, to spark creativity and deliver superb performance in a compact configuration.

\r\n\r\n
The original Yamaha TCS (Textured Cellular Silicone) head surface used in the flagship models, combine with fantastic real drum sounds and natural ambience captured in world-renowned studios, provide an authentic playing experience.

\r\n\r\n
The DTX6 Series is recommended for all drummers who want to have fun, play like a pro, need a compact kit, and want to easily transfer their skills to acoustic drums.

\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n
\r\n
Faithfully reproduces real drum kit sounds and ambience recorded in world renowned studios\r\nAMBIENCE, COMP, and EFFECT Kit Modifier knobs that allow you to create your own unique sounds
\r\n\r\n
Yamaha's original TCS head is used on the snare pad to achieve a realistic, natural feel and rebound that makes you want to keep playing
\r\n\r\n
3-zone pads for the snare, and ride. The cymbals can be choked and muted. Ride cymbal equipped with a hit point detection function (positional sensing)
\r\n\r\n
Yamaha's traditional ball clamp is used for the snare clamp
\r\n \r\n\r\n
", "SalesPrice": 789.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210122366316025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2021-01-27T10:51:34.26", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-01-02T12:47:00", "OrderTotal": 789.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3166, "CustomerId": 7740, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Casey", "street_name": "Idella Parks", "street_address": "63544 Keebler Islands", "zip_code": "72389-3199", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "06061917015418", "ASN": "4957812332439", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FX370C Tobacco Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
FX730C features a spruce top, nato back and sides, an ultra-thin \r\npolyurethane finish and high-spec hardware to ensure the looks, sound and \r\nplayability of this guitar are all at the top of their game.

\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 279.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/06061917015418f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:58.6499496+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-09-22T13:41:00", "OrderTotal": 279.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3167, "CustomerId": 7740, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Casey", "street_name": "Idella Parks", "street_address": "63544 Keebler Islands", "zip_code": "72389-3199", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200514359014025", "ASN": "4957812641579", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FSX800C MKII Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The first port of call when you need a small-bodied electro-acoustic guitar, the FSX800C Mk II is a superb performer. Based on our award-winning FS800, the FSX800C Mk II also features a solid spruce top and nato/okume back and sides on a cutaway body. Our proprietary under-saddle piezo pickup and System66 analog preamp ensure excellent amplified tone.\r\n\r\n

\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 329.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200514359014025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-06-08T17:24:53.003", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-08-07T12:36:00", "OrderTotal": 329.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3168, "CustomerId": 7740, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Casey", "street_name": "Idella Parks", "street_address": "63544 Keebler Islands", "zip_code": "72389-3199", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "150915289446002", "ASN": "761294507377", "Category": "DKZ", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Juno-DS88", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Roland", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Roland’s JUNO synths are known everywhere for their great sound, ease of use, and exceptional value. The JUNO-DS88 takes the iconic series to a new level of performance, adding many powerful enhancements while still keeping operation streamlined and simple. Equipped with 88 weighted-action keys for a premium feel, the versatile, intuitive JUNO-DS88 puts you in creative command, making it easy to produce exceptional music everywhere you play.

\r\n\r\n\r\n
Gig-ready instrument with pro sounds, enhanced performance features, and battery-powered operation
\r\n
88-note Ivory Feel-G Keyboard provides weighted-action feel in a lightweight design that’s easy to transport
\r\n
Includes all the sounds from the popular JUNO-Di, plus newly updated acoustic and electric pianos, additional organs, and other stage essentials
\r\n
Wave expansion slot enables users to download new sound waveforms, available for free at Roland’s Axial website
\r\n
Sample import function for playing user WAV files on the JUNO-DS88’s keyboard
\r\n
Easy sound manipulation and editing with hands-on knobs and sliders
\r\n
Eight Phrase Pads for triggering samples and audio songs stored on USB memory
\r\n
Mic input and dedicated Reverb, Vocoder, and Auto Pitch effects for impressive vocal performances
\r\n
Intuitive eight-track pattern sequencer with non-stop recording for quickly developing song ideas
\r\n
USB audio/MIDI and DAW Control mode
\r\n
\r\n Mobile Design and Stage-Ready Sounds
\r\n The JUNO-DS88 is an ideal keyboard for all types of players, from performing pros and weekend warriors to music producers and home hobbyists. It also excels in teaching labs and other music education environments. Easy to carry and easy to use, the JUNO-DS88 is filled with great Roland sounds for any style or genre, and versatile battery or AC operation gives you the flexibility to play anytime and anywhere.

\r\n
\r\n Top-Quality Pianos, Organs, and More
\r\n Acoustic pianos, electric pianos, and organs are bread and butter for most performing keyboardists. In the JUNO-DS88, the pianos have been newly enhanced with improved sound and response, and there are even more organs to choose from. In addition to this new DS Tone Bank, the instrument includes the entire 1000-plus sound set from the previous-generation JUNO-Di, and patches from that keyboard are fully compatible with the JUNO-DS88.

\r\n
\r\n Weighted Keys for an Authentic Piano Feel
\r\n The JUNO-DS88 features 88 weighted-action keys, a first in the long history of the JUNO series. Roland’s Ivory Feel-G Keyboard with progressive hammer action is an ideal complement to the expressive new piano sounds, providing high-end touch and playability while still keeping the instrument light and mobile. This makes the JUNO-DS88 an obvious choice for pro players, as well as piano students looking for a portable, versatile instrument to learn on.

\r\n
\r\n Enhanced Editing and Hands-On Controls
\r\n One thing that’s made the JUNO series a players’ favorite is its instant-access design, which makes it easy to call up fantastic sounds right away. But if you like to dig in and customize, the JUNO-DS88 now offers even more adjustable parameters than before, allowing you to tweak patches and performances with detailed precision. The front panel provides an expanded array of hands-on knobs and sliders for creating patches and adjusting sounds as you perform, while the rear panel features jacks for connecting hold and expression pedals at the same time.

\r\n
\r\n Wave Expansion Slot for Adding New Sounds
\r\n To complement its impressive onboard sound set, the JUNO-DS88 supports internal waveform expansion via USB for unlimited tonal range. Over 1000 EXP sounds are available for free download at Roland’s Axial website, including top-quality acoustic piano collections, world instruments, go-to studio standards, percussion, loops, and more. If don’t find what you need there, it’s even possible to load in WAV files from your personal library and play them from the keyboard! Out of the box, the JUNO-DS88 comes with the versatile EXP-06 Studio Collection preloaded in the wave expansion slot.

\r\n
\r\n Phrase Pads for Triggering Songs and Samples
\r\n With the JUNO-DS88’s eight Phrase Pads, you can supplement your keyboard performances with samples or music files stored on USB memory. Just load up the pads with whatever you like—one-shot samples, vocals, sound effects, loops, or complete music tracks—and trigger them with a quick touch when needed.

\r\n
\r\n Mic Input with Vocoder and Auto Pitch
\r\n If you’re a solo performer or singer/songwriter, you’ll love the JUNO-DS88’s mic input, which lets you get great vocal sounds without having to carry around extra gear. There’s a dedicated vocal reverb, plus Auto Pitch for singing with the “stepped” electronic vocal effect popular in today’s music. The built-in vocoder is big fun too, allowing you to sing into a mic and control the tone and pitch via sounds played on the keyboard.

\r\n
\r\n Eight-Track Pattern Sequencer
\r\n When you have an idea for a song or beat, you can easily capture and develop it with the onboard pattern sequencer. The intuitive, non-stop operation won’t interrupt your creative flow, letting you build up full arrangements with multiple sounds in no time. The sequencer is also perfect for enhancing live performances with pre-made backing music and on-the-fly looping.

\r\n
\r\n Music Production Partner
\r\n The JUNO-DS88 is not only great on stage—it works great for computer music production as well. The integrated USB interface provides a solid front end for a mobile or studio recording setup, allowing you to record MIDI and audio data, including sounds from the mic input. There’s even a dedicated DAW Control mode for controlling your music software from the JUNO-DS88’s front panel.

\r\n\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 899.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/140/150915289446002.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:58.899952+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-08-21T08:18:00", "OrderTotal": 899.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3169, "CustomerId": 7740, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Casey", "street_name": "Idella Parks", "street_address": "63544 Keebler Islands", "zip_code": "72389-3199", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230710409741001", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "APX700 Black (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Ready for any stage the APX700 combines the performance ready APX design with a solid Spruce top, Nato back and sides and Yamaha's class leading A.R.T. Pickup system for a tone your band will love!

", "SalesPrice": 399.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230710409741001f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-29T15:57:14.15", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-04-24T09:28:00", "OrderTotal": 399.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3170, "CustomerId": 1147, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pameliafurt", "street_name": "Sipes Villages", "street_address": "8127 Gislason Skyway", "zip_code": "52355", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210716371638025", "ASN": "4260279937308", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DM-SG5", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became \r\ndifficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, \r\nwere flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 575.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210716371638025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2021-09-06T14:17:42.21", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-10-18T07:08:00", "OrderTotal": 575.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3171, "CustomerId": 1147, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pameliafurt", "street_name": "Sipes Villages", "street_address": "8127 Gislason Skyway", "zip_code": "52355", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220302382190027", "ASN": "5060943690275", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "B-120-CG Deluxe Classical Guitar Gig Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ordo", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Ordo is a new brand of solid, rugged and reliable accessories designed by musicians for musicians. Each product in the Ordo range has been made to offer a specific solution for the gigging musician: whether it’s a tough-wearing gig bag, a robust stand or a high quality cable, Ordo has what you need at a price that represents great value.

\r\n
Classical guitarists looking for a durable and useful padded gig bag should check out this offering from Ordo.

\r\n
Made from high grade water-repellent nylon, this bag offers a full 20mm of foam padding to offer an excellent level of protection. There are also two fully adjustable & reinforced shoulder straps and a strong handle for carrying options.

\r\n
Two good sized front pockets allow you the opportunity to store accessories and sheet music. All in all, this sturdy and reliable bag is a great choice for all musicians using classical sized acoustic guitars.

", "SalesPrice": 44.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220302382190027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-10-27T16:36:48.467", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-04-12T17:55:00", "OrderTotal": 44.99, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3172, "CustomerId": 7786, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Windlermouth", "street_name": "Pollich Rest", "street_address": "18265 Hane Isle", "zip_code": "33159-9058", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "190219339577008", "ASN": "885978875672", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CP-60S Natural Walnut Fingerboard", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The CP-60S acoustic guitar's parlor body style ensures a comfortable playing \r\nexperience, thanks to its smaller size. It also sings with a distinctly warm and \r\nintimate voice traditionally embraced by folk and blues players, making this \r\nmodel an ideal choice for the up-and-coming fingerstyle player.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 179.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/190219339577008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2019-05-09T11:16:12.097", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-07-28T04:48:00", "OrderTotal": 179.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3173, "CustomerId": 7786, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Windlermouth", "street_name": "Pollich Rest", "street_address": "18265 Hane Isle", "zip_code": "33159-9058", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380344008", "ASN": "850014868918", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Discovery S Companion Edgeburst CE Red Cedar/Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 629.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380344008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-14T16:44:23.98", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-10-04T07:54:00", "OrderTotal": 629.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3174, "CustomerId": 7786, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Windlermouth", "street_name": "Pollich Rest", "street_address": "18265 Hane Isle", "zip_code": "33159-9058", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "190504343226008", "ASN": "00885978875498", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CD-140SCE Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The CD-140SCE expands on its siblings' features with upgraded Fishman® CD electronics, walnut back and sides and the addition of a hardshell case. The single-cutaway dreadnought body and solid spruce top provide robust tone, and the easy-to-play neck is comfortable for all playing styles. Topped off with a tortoiseshell pick guard and walnut headcap, the CD-140SCE is ready for whatever you throw at it, at home or on the stage.\r\n\r\n

", "SalesPrice": 329.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/190504343226008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 2, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2019-05-07T10:23:35.143", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-03-31T14:55:00", "OrderTotal": 329.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3175, "CustomerId": 8390, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Nicolaside", "street_name": "Erich Meadow", "street_address": "7556 Omar Spur", "zip_code": "57465-6565", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170306308300008", "ASN": "814295011913", "Category": "GUAG_lh", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Artist Series AD60L Dreadnought Natural Left Handed", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Alvarez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The result of months of R&D produced the early 60’s series which helped to \r\nset Artist Series apart from other solid top lines and go on to win a host of \r\nawards at shows and in guitar magazines around the world. Since then, the \r\nconstruction and design continue to be redefined making the Artist 60’s series a \r\npretty hard bunch to compare.

\r\n
The premium North American Sitka top is hand selected and paired with high \r\nquality laminated African Mahogany backs and sides. The response is quick and \r\nits voice open and dynamic with plenty in the bass register and shimmering \r\ntrebles.

\r\n\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/170306308300008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2017-03-07T15:03:13.19", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-05-17T06:43:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3176, "CustomerId": 8390, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Nicolaside", "street_name": "Erich Meadow", "street_address": "7556 Omar Spur", "zip_code": "57465-6565", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "160830301843008", "ASN": "4013175228458", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "C40 Standard Pack Classical Guitar Set", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Learn to play guitar with this fantastic, affordable package from Yamaha. Includes everything you need to get started!", "SalesPrice": 169.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/160830301843008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:59.884325+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-02-28T03:31:00", "OrderTotal": 169.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3177, "CustomerId": 8390, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Nicolaside", "street_name": "Erich Meadow", "street_address": "7556 Omar Spur", "zip_code": "57465-6565", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "150706287907002", "ASN": "4957812585613", "Category": "DKZ", "Online": true, "ItemName": "reface CP", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Rediscover the incredible and pioneering piano sounds of the legendary Yamaha CP series with the all new reface CP. Both classic and modern sounds are available, making the reface CP a truly versatile and powerful little beast. With its compact size, battery power and built in speakers you can take it anywhere!", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/150706287907002f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:31:59.9937+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-10-01T23:31:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3178, "CustomerId": 3138, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Donovanberg", "street_name": "Gregory Dam", "street_address": "8785 Cristopher Course", "zip_code": "83916-7468", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230406403306025", "ASN": "00887766111177", "Category": "ACSTD", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Mahogany Stand Natural Finish ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Crafted with neo-tropical mahogany, this beautiful guitar stand showcases \r\nyour Taylor guitar in style while keeping it safe and off the floor. Its compact \r\nfootprint makes it a great choice for any setting, from your home practice room \r\nto the studio and the stage.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 54.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230406403306025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-04-18T11:59:43.85", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-01-22T00:20:00", "OrderTotal": 54.99, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3179, "CustomerId": 9235, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Wiegandview", "street_name": "O'Conner Road", "street_address": "64760 Ilse Prairie", "zip_code": "61242", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230628407210008", "ASN": "6973024273948", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "ME 3 36in Space Grey", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Lava Music", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Intuitive. Creative. Powerful. This smartguitar is designed to be the best \r\ncompanion of your musical adventure. With a multi-touch display, the HILAVA OS \r\nand incredible apps, LAVA ME 3 will reinvent the way you make music.

\r\n
\r\n\t
Acoustic electric reimagined with a multi-touch display
\r\n\t
Dozens of Effects to craft immersive sounds easily
\r\n\t
Loops with constantly updated grooves to record and share
\r\n\t
Practice App to build every guitar skill with 5 modes
\r\n\t
Enhanced acoustics with advanced audio technologies
\r\n
\r\n
All-in-one Instrument
\r\n
With a multi-touch display and the HILAVA system, the smart guitar puts \r\neverything at your fingertips, reimagining the acoustic-electric guitar and the \r\nway you create music.

\r\n
Add Effects with a Tap
\r\n
Instantly add immersive effects powered by advanced audio algorithms and \r\nFreeBoost 2.0 technology, without plugging into any amplifiers or pedals.

\r\n
Get Inspired with Loops
\r\n
Capture your inspiration without any external gear. Pick a groove, overdub up \r\nto 3 tracks, and immediately share your work with the LAVA+ community.

\r\n
Comprehensive Practice to Build Every Skill
\r\n
Train your finger dexterity, strumming, scales, and more. Get a glimpse of \r\nyour practice with real-time feedback and detailed reports.

\r\n
Weatherproof AirSonic 2 Carbon Fiber
\r\n
Play LAVA ME 3 anywhere you go without worrying about maintenance, as the \r\ncarbon fiber guitar withstands extreme weather and accidental drops or bumps.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230628407210008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 9, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-04T11:11:00.177", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-28T15:52:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3180, "CustomerId": 9235, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Wiegandview", "street_name": "O'Conner Road", "street_address": "64760 Ilse Prairie", "zip_code": "61242", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170202307197008", "ASN": "04515276877479", "Category": "GUBA_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SR306EB-WK Weathered Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
For 30 years the SR has given bass players a modern alternative. With its continued popularity, Ibanez is constantly endeavoring to answer the wider needs of a variety of players, at a variety of budgets. But no matter what the specs, the heart is the same-SR continues to excite with its smooth, fast neck, lightweight body, and perfectly matched electronics.\r\n

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 429.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/170202307197008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2017-05-31T15:05:29.443", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-12-31T09:49:00", "OrderTotal": 429.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3181, "CustomerId": 9235, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Wiegandview", "street_name": "O'Conner Road", "street_address": "64760 Ilse Prairie", "zip_code": "61242", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "13120714501458", "ASN": "606559999019", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "PF15ECE Natural High Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "With PF Performance guitars, you get professional features, quality, and great sound at extremely inexpensive prices backed by the Ibanez name and quality.\r\n", "SalesPrice": 259.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/13120714501458f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:32:00.4624492+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-02-13T13:56:00", "OrderTotal": 259.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3182, "CustomerId": 7536, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Gloverhaven", "street_name": "Crooks River", "street_address": "1679 Blanda Hollow", "zip_code": "44145", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230220400899025", "ASN": "00887766118725", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Limited Edition GS Mini-e Caramel Burst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Crafted at the intersection of portability, playability and rich tone, the GS \r\nMini has delighted countless guitar players of every skill level and style. Now, \r\nwe’re excited to diversify the GS Mini family with a special-edition model \r\nfeaturing a beautiful Caramel Burst color treatment for the solid Sitka spruce \r\ntop. Layered sapele back and sides, a neo-tropical mahogany neck, and a West \r\nAfrican Crelicam ebony fretboard round out the package, adding up to a punchy \r\nsound with bold projection and plenty of volume for practice sessions, jamming \r\nwith friends or solo performances. Along with the Caramel Burst top treatment, \r\nthis GS Mini features appointments including 4mm dot fretboard inlays in Italian \r\nacrylic and die-cast chrome tuners, and includes ES-B electronics with a \r\nbuilt-in digital tuner. This model ships with a tan structured gig bag for \r\nstorage and protection.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 799.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230220400899025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-02-20T13:17:25.843", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-08-07T07:42:00", "OrderTotal": 799.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3183, "CustomerId": 7536, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Gloverhaven", "street_name": "Crooks River", "street_address": "1679 Blanda Hollow", "zip_code": "44145", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "181121335254008", "ASN": "812309027509", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Masterworks MF60OM Herringbone", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Alvarez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
For some players, the OM is the perfect guitar. Designed correctly, its body \r\nshape can deliver near perfect balance and separation. We designed the MF60OM to \r\ndo exactly that, giving players impressive balance in both tonality and volume \r\nacross all six strings, making it an articulate and accurate instrument.

\r\n
Tonally we have balanced the compression available from the smaller body size \r\nwith a lighter weight X-brace design to keep the round notes and super-fast \r\nresponse but balance those features with a more open projection. No matter what \r\nmusic or playing style you gravitate to, this all-solid, finely dressed guitar \r\nis a true all-rounder with an impressive, eloquent voicing.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 399.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/181121335254008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2019-02-15T11:59:16.867", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-04-28T04:57:00", "OrderTotal": 399.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3184, "CustomerId": 7536, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Gloverhaven", "street_name": "Crooks River", "street_address": "1679 Blanda Hollow", "zip_code": "44145", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "171124318482008", "ASN": "649241878421", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Cymbal Case 22inch Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Mono", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Fellow drummers, meet your new best friend. The Cymbal Case is equal parts \r\nperformance, protection, comfort and style. Your cymbals can make or break your \r\nsound, so take your sound with you to every gig. Wear it backpack style for \r\nthose long urban treks, or tuck the straps for an airport-friendly profile. \r\nSuper durable yet super light. Go Play®.

\r\n
360° PROTECTION
\r\n
RADIUS PIPING

\r\n
All our cases feature a hard-wearing sole and piping made of Hypalon - the \r\nsame industrial rubber used to create inflatable military rafts. This means the \r\nM80 cymbal pack won't wear through around the edges as most cymbal bags do.

\r\n
LUXURIOUS DIVIDERS

\r\n
Inside the Cymbal Case, 5 discrete, padded slots keep your cymbals protected \r\non the go. The high dividers cover each cymbal right up to the rim.

\r\n
SMART STORAGE
\r\n
CLIP/TUCK SHOULDER STRAPS

\r\n
A fully loaded cymbal case can get way too heavy. In the design process, we \r\ndiscovered that our backpack system with chest clip did wonders to distribute \r\nthe weight of all those cymbals. Unclip the shoulder strap to quickly stash them \r\nwhen you want them out of the way. Dedicated pockets for hi-hats (up to 15\") and \r\nsplash cymbals (up to 10\") keep those smaller cymbals safely separated.

\r\n
BUILT TO TOUR
\r\n
RIVETED HANDLE & INDUSTRIAL RUBBER SOLE

\r\n
Rock solid, industrial webbing handles come standard on MONO cases. Bar-tack \r\nstitching and steel rivets reinforce for strength, while high grade webbing \r\nprovides a super comfortable grip.

\r\n
All M80 cases feature a hard-wearing sole and piping made of Hypalon - the \r\nsame industrial rubber used to create inflatable military rafts. This sole \r\nsimply does not wear out.

\r\n
DIMENSIONS & FITTING
\r\n
LIKE A GLOVE

\r\n
The Cymbal Case safely holds an arsenal of cymbals, broken down as follows:

\r\n
\r\n
Main compartment - 5 individually padded slots with a 22\" max diameter
\r\n
Hi-hats pocket - 15\" max diameter
\r\n
Splash pocket - 10\" max diameter
\r\n
\r\n", "SalesPrice": 179.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/171124318482008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-02T17:01:02.203", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-30T11:37:00", "OrderTotal": 179.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3185, "CustomerId": 450, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Codyborough", "street_name": "Haley Dale", "street_address": "828 King Plaza", "zip_code": "02423", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "12111713420432", "ASN": "4957812520164", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "APXT2DRB Dark Red Burst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Yamaha APX-T2 is a travel sized electro acoustic. Taking inspiration from the hugely popular APX Series the APX-T2 is a joy to play and can be amplified thanks to the ART pickup and preamp system. ", "SalesPrice": 219.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/110/12111713420432.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:32:00.9468267+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-08-22T20:53:00", "OrderTotal": 219.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3186, "CustomerId": 450, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Codyborough", "street_name": "Haley Dale", "street_address": "828 King Plaza", "zip_code": "02423", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "15022711092077", "ASN": "649241927952", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Sleeve Electric Guitar Case Ash", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Mono", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Sleeve Electric Guitar Case is designed to be a minimalist solution for \r\ntraveling light and simple, and it is where MONO's innovative protection and \r\nhigh quality construction standards are merged into a super slim and stylish \r\ndesign.

\r\n
360° PROTECTION

\r\n
Like the Vertigo™, the Sleeve Electric Guitar Case is Top-Loading® for quick, \r\nstand-up access. Its design allows you to quickly unzip the case and pull your \r\nguitar out from the top. This is enabled by a hidden diagonal hinge on the front \r\npanel of the case. Once unzipped, the case naturally opens out and to the right. \r\nNo need to lay the case down on the floor. Easy access.

\r\n
The case features a slimmer variation of the Headlock® — MONO's patented neck \r\nsuspension system. This slimmer Headlock® is molded from solid, shock-absorbing \r\nEVA rubber to protect the neck and headstock from impact during falls. When your \r\nguitar is zipped-in, its neck is automatically secured inside the Headlock®'s \r\ncontoured groove.

\r\n
At the bottom, the Sleeve Electric Guitar Case features a super slim EVA \r\ninsole to keep the body off the ground and protect the strap pin from \r\nbottoming-out when the case is put down too hard.

\r\n
SMART STORAGE

\r\n
The Sleeve Electric Guitar Case features a messenger bag style storage pouch \r\nthat's perfect for small laptops, tablets, notebooks, cables and other extras \r\nthat you might need when traveling light. A small interior mesh pocket keeps \r\nthose little, critical items close at hand.

\r\n
BUILT TO LAST

\r\n
WEAR IT OUT

\r\n
MONO cases are built to military specs, using only high-test materials with \r\nextreme resistance to abrasion and the elements. Inside, the plush lining \r\nprotects delicate custom finishes. Outside, the water-resistant shell keeps you \r\non the move, rain or shine. 100% animal free.

\r\n
RIVETED HANDLE & CUSTOM STEEL BUCKLE

\r\n
Rock solid, industrial webbing handles come standard on MONO cases. Bar-tack \r\nstitching and steel rivets reinforce for strength, while high grade webbing \r\nprovides a super comfortable grip.

\r\n
A custom steel buckle is used to secure the storage pouch with industrial \r\nseatbelt webbing. Simple and secure with a nice touch of style.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 145.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/15022711092077f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-02T17:32:19.637", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-01-30T04:37:00", "OrderTotal": 145.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3187, "CustomerId": 5078, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kassulkefort", "street_name": "Von Court", "street_address": "62280 Fritsch Mall", "zip_code": "48699-2311", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "181121335115008", "ASN": "4957812638937", "Category": "DDK", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DTX482K Electronic Drum Kit", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "DTX482K offers an additional cymbal pad and a professional 3-zone snare pad with a silicone surface. In addition to these enhancements, the DTX482K features all the general improvements of the DTX402 series, including the DTX402 module and compatibility with the DTX402 Touch App. With its impressive feature set, the new kit caters to enthusiastic beginners and demanding advanced players alike. ", "SalesPrice": 689.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/181121335115008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-11-21T13:57:06.86", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-06-19T02:46:00", "OrderTotal": 689.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3188, "CustomerId": 5078, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kassulkefort", "street_name": "Von Court", "street_address": "62280 Fritsch Mall", "zip_code": "48699-2311", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220126380378008", "ASN": "819907022172", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "TW4BLB Winterleaf Blonde Barossa Red Gloss Blonde ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Tanglewood", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 449.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220126380378008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2022-02-24T14:54:02.81", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-03-08T15:58:00", "OrderTotal": 449.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3189, "CustomerId": 5078, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kassulkefort", "street_name": "Von Court", "street_address": "62280 Fritsch Mall", "zip_code": "48699-2311", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230406403347025", "ASN": "00887766108139", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AeroCase Grand Theater Choc Brown ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Taylor GT is a guitar designed for serious fun, and the AeroCase is \r\nperfectly matched to provide protection while you transport your guitar between \r\npractices, jam sessions and gigs. The AeroCase features a durable, resilient \r\nstructure made with materials less than one-third the weight of a traditional \r\nhardshell guitar case, making it a perfect choice for travel. This AeroCase is \r\nexclusively fitted for Taylor GT (Grand Theater) models.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 189.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230406403347025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-04-19T09:17:11.843", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-02-27T18:39:00", "OrderTotal": 189.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3190, "CustomerId": 6138, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Kelliemouth", "street_name": "Bartell Keys", "street_address": "546 Bennie Ports", "zip_code": "09327-3590", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230821411966004", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Artist Series AD60CESHB Dreadnought Cutaway Shadowburst (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Alvarez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The premium North American Sitka top is hand selected and paired with high quality laminated African Mahogany backs and sides. The response is quick and its voice open and dynamic for a solid top. This cutaway model is finished in a flawless Shadowburst and fitted with the wonderful LR Baggs StagePro EQ and Element Pick Up.\r\n\r\n

", "SalesPrice": 249.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230821411966004f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-08-25T14:54:01.587", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-09-06T20:25:00", "OrderTotal": 249.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3191, "CustomerId": 1648, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Ellichester", "street_name": "Setsuko Bridge", "street_address": "71738 Wehner Fords", "zip_code": "75667", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210209366660025", "ASN": "8025813829039", "Category": "DKZ", "Online": true, "ItemName": "UNO Synth Pro", "Title": "", "BrandName": "IK Multimedia", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Next generation analog for everyone
\r\n
UNO Synth Pro gives you the power to create nearly any analog synth sound you can imagine. With its unique dual-filter, 3-oscillator paraphonic design, 256 presets, 64-step sequencer, studio-grade effects, expanded connections and much more, UNO Synth Pro\r\nbreaks new ground for music makers.

\r\n\r\n
Available in two form factors to suit all players’ needs—stage-ready with metal housing and premium Fatar semi-weighted keybed; or ultra-portable, USB-powered with capacitive keyboard—UNO Synth Pro offers everyone the next generation of analog sound design in a smart format that fits any space or budget.

\r\n\r\n\r\n\r\n
3 Oscillators that do it all
\r\n
3 analog oscillators offer continuously variable waveshape, including pulse-width modulation. Oscillators can be hard-synced for more harmonically-complex tones, and oscillator FM (frequency modulation) lets you shape everything from bell-like sounds to screaming industrial tones.

\r\n\r\n
UNO Synth Pro even includes ring modulation for wobbly, sci-fi sound, and a white noise generator for a wide range of percussive sounds and epic rises.

\r\n\r\n
Recreate famous synth sound sources or forge entirely new ones - UNO Synth Pro\r\nhas the tools you need.

\r\n\r\n\r\n
Dual filters with 24 available modes
\r\n
In addition to the original UNO Synth’s 2-pole OTA multimode filter, UNO Synth Pro adds a new 2/4-pole SSI LP filter with self-oscillation. The dual filters can be used in series or parallel, with invertible phase, for a total of 24 possible filter combinations.

\r\n\r\n
In short, the UNO Synth Pro can recreate the filter sound of the most famous classic synths as well as deliver fresh new options to the limits of your imagination.

\r\n\r\n
Envelopes, filters and modulation matrix
\r\n
UNO Synth Pro offers 2 full ADSR envelopes, one dedicated to the filter and the other to amplitude, with both available as sources to modulate everything from oscillator pitch and waveshape to LFO speed or even other envelope stages.

\r\n\r\n
2 LFOs (low-frequency oscillators) can create classic synth vibrato, wah and tremolo as well as do more complex modulations including audio range FM.

\r\n\r\n
And a 16-slot modulation matrix makes routing all these a breeze. You can quickly and easily design even the most sophisticated modulation scheme, with both internal and external sources, including MIDI controllers.

\r\n\r\n
Stunning onboard effects
\r\n
IK’s experience in modeling analog studio effects is decades long. For UNO Synth Pro, you’ll find a super warm and organic true-analog overdrive, plus 12 studio-quality effects in three simultaneous slots: modulation, delay and reverb. External signals can also be routed through these effects, with pre-effects filtering for maximum flexibility.

\r\n\r\n
Improved playability
\r\n
UNO Synth Pro offers a premium 37-key semi-weighted keybed made by Italian manufacturer Fatar, while UNO Synth Pro Desktop provides an enhanced version of the original’s long-lasting capacitance-sensing keys along with pitch and mod strips for enhanced expression.

\r\n\r\n
You’ll find firm-touch rubber pads for the control sections, plus LED-backlit indicators and an LED display for key information, making it easier than ever to use UNO Synth Pro live on stage or in deep programming sessions in the studio.

\r\n\r\n
Presets, sequencer and arpeggiator
\r\n
UNO Synth Pro offers 256 user-editable presets, each capturing the full state of the sound engine from oscillators to effects.

\r\n\r\n
An onboard 64-step sequencer offers both step and real-time recording, with automation for up to 40 parameters, letting you create incredibly intricate and evolving soundscapes. You can even write CV and gate automation.

\r\n\r\n
And a 10-mode arpeggiator makes it easy to create intricate patterns and runs plus a new “chord mode” that takes advantage of UNO Synth Pro’s paraphonic design.

\r\n\r\n\r\n
Advanced connectivity
\r\n
UNO Synth Pro offers two noiseless, balanced stereo outputs as well as headphone out, for superior audio quality in any situation.

\r\n\r\n
USB and 5-pin DIN MIDI In and Out make it easy to integrate with other synths, Mac/PC and mobile devices, and its assignable CV/Gate connections lets UNO Synth Pro interact effortlessly with your Eurorack or other modular system.

\r\n\r\n
And now, audio input allows access to the filter and FX section for external signals, in addition to the original thru-put for daisy-chaining multiple units together without using a mixer.

\r\n\r\n
Advanced software control for Mac/PC
\r\n
Ready to release the full power of UNO Synth Pro? Now you can. The UNO Synth Pro Editor is here to give you access to all the parameters under the hood. While the Editor does not generate sound on its own, it will free how you work with UNO Synth Pro hardware, harnessing the power of your Mac/PC to easily create, save and manage presets.

\r\n\r\n
Free UNO Synth Pro Editor
\r\n
Free UNO Synth Pro Editor for Mac/PC and iPad now available for all purchasers to download. This gives you access to all the advanced features ‘under the hood’ to manage presets and to easily create your own directly from your computer. Full details on the editor \r\nare avilable\r\nhere.

\r\n\r\n\r\n \r\n\r\n
Software Promo
\r\n
All purchasers of UNO Synth Pro can now claim 2 free software downloads from IK’s SE or CE product range:\r\nAmpliTube 5, SampleTank 4, Miroslav Philharmonik, MODO BASS, MODO DRUM, Syntronik 2, and T-RackS 5.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210209366660025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2021-02-12T16:00:00.17", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-08-07T06:20:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3192, "CustomerId": 1648, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Ellichester", "street_name": "Setsuko Bridge", "street_address": "71738 Wehner Fords", "zip_code": "75667", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "160121292660008", "ASN": "4957812597357", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FG830 Tobacco Brown Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Rich overtones and improved sustain thanks to the rosewood back and sides deliver improved sound through greater ‘depth’. The appearance, with abalone inlay around the sound hole, is more luxurious and an obvious step-up.", "SalesPrice": 419.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/160121292660008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:32:01.7905754+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-12-17T20:22:00", "OrderTotal": 419.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3193, "CustomerId": 1740, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Celestafort", "street_name": "Gary Street", "street_address": "192 Bartell Meadow", "zip_code": "81743-3286", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220923394184008", "ASN": "4549763024473", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Artwood Vintage AVD9CE Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Artwood Vintage series now showcases another vintage element by applying an \"aging\" process to the tonewood : \"Thermo Aged™\" tone wood, made by a special drying process at a high temperature which is commonly known as \"baking\" or \"torrefaction.\"

", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220923394184008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-05-19T11:00:59.78", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-10-13T07:48:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3194, "CustomerId": 1740, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Celestafort", "street_name": "Gary Street", "street_address": "192 Bartell Meadow", "zip_code": "81743-3286", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230706409026008", "ASN": "5051548013064", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AMG1 Metal Body Resonator Guitar", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Vintage", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Who would have thought, from their conception during the mid 1920’s, \r\nresonator guitars would remain immune to fashion and musical trends, and still \r\nbe as popular today than ever before.

\r\n
The Vintage AMG1 acoustic resonator guitar is constructed from the finest \r\nmaterials, to create both cosmetically and audibly, accurate representations of \r\nthese unique guitars. With a beautifully chromed steel body, the AMG1 delivers \r\nthat unmistakable warm metallic, sustaining resonator tone from a single, 9 ½” \r\ncone, spun from high grade aluminium.

\r\n
The first resonator guitars were created in the days before amplification, so \r\nacoustic guitars could compete with other instruments, horns and percussion \r\ninstruments in dance orchestras for example. The Vintage AMG1 maintains \r\ntradition with a loud voice and projection ideally suited to country, blues, \r\nbluegrass, Hawaiian finger picking and slide styles with rich, full chords and \r\nsoaring lead notes.

\r\n
Like all high quality resonator guitars, the ‘biscuit’ bridge is constructed \r\nfrom top grade maple, whilst a precision cut nut offers comfortable string \r\nspacing over the fingerboard, with the round Eastern mahogany neck joining the \r\nbody at the 14th fret, in traditional ‘reso’ style.

\r\n
With an enclosed headstock design and matching chrome covered machine heads, \r\ndiamond pattern speaker cover plate, period style tailpiece and f-hole body \r\ndesigns, the Vintage AMG1 chrome resonator is indeed, a shining example of the \r\nVintage design team’s relentless quest for innovation, authentic tone and \r\noutstanding playability. Play on.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 579.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230706409026008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 11, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-16T11:59:24.84", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-04-07T10:46:00", "OrderTotal": 579.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3195, "CustomerId": 1740, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Celestafort", "street_name": "Gary Street", "street_address": "192 Bartell Meadow", "zip_code": "81743-3286", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220302382188027", "ASN": "5060943690251", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "B-110-BJ Standard Banjo Gig Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ordo", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Ordo is a new brand of solid, rugged, and reliable accessories designed by musicians for musicians. Each product in the Ordo wide range has been made to offer a specific solution for the gigging musician: whether it’s a tough-wearing gig bag, a robust stand, or a high-quality cable, Ordo has what you need at a price that represents great value.

\r\n
Banjo players looking for a durable and useful padded gig bag should check out this offering from Ordo.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 34.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220302382188027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-10-28T12:34:43.147", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-08-20T14:21:00", "OrderTotal": 34.99, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3196, "CustomerId": 1740, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Celestafort", "street_name": "Gary Street", "street_address": "192 Bartell Meadow", "zip_code": "81743-3286", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200428358892025", "ASN": "4957812641494", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FG800SDBII Sandburst ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The new FG800 models have been developed based on Yamahas extensive research as \r\nwell as feedback from players and industry experts. We found that lots of things \r\ndidn’t need to be touched - but there was a consistent theme: guitarists wanted \r\nto go back towards the original FG180 sound with just a little more volume; a \r\nlittle more bass; a little more oomph.

\r\n
Combining their luthiers' experience with state of the art structural acoustic \r\nanalysis, we developed an even deeper understanding of how internal structure \r\naffects a guitar's voice, and how the original FG180 sounded so incredible. From \r\nthere, they engineered a new design which both captures and enhances that classic \r\ntone.

\r\n
One result of this unique approach is a totally new scalloped bracing \r\npattern. It gives the FG800 Series more volume, more projection, more low end \r\nand a bigger tone for the player. In addition, the \r\nnew bracing pattern moves the resonant centre much closer to the middle of the \r\nguitar, with a big impact on both the tone and the feel to the player.

\r\n
But Yamahas goal was not only to craft a guitar that sounds great today, but to \r\ncraft one who's tone lasts for a lifetime. A solid top board, a 0.25mm thin \r\nfinish for great tone and superior wood protection, a super-comfortable thin \r\nneck profile and thin back and sides construction ensure maximum volume and \r\nresonance with long-term stability and consistency.

\r\n\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200428358892025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2020-04-29T16:01:04.73", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-07-16T05:35:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3197, "CustomerId": 7918, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Mooreton", "street_name": "Kuhlman Run", "street_address": "13051 Macejkovic Bridge", "zip_code": "83686", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230130399883008", "ASN": "190262060024", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GLN12E Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Takamine", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Experience the comfort and sound of a NEX-shaped guitar with the GLN12E NS from\r\nTakamine. The shorter 630mm scale length offers a softer, warmer tone, and the\r\ncombination of a spruce top and okoume back and sides produces a pleasing, balanced\r\nvoice. The built-in TP-3G electronics make it easy to transition to the stage, with a 3-band\r\nEQ and chromatic tuner for precise tone adjustments.", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230130399883008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-01-31T15:40:29.91", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-12-25T21:30:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3198, "CustomerId": 5106, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rositabury", "street_name": "White Forks", "street_address": "71116 Ray Mall", "zip_code": "05014", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210106365758025", "ASN": "4260685050394", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "000M-1E", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became \r\ndifficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, \r\nwere flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 339.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210106365758025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2021-01-21T15:42:34.867", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-11-25T07:25:00", "OrderTotal": 339.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3199, "CustomerId": 5106, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rositabury", "street_name": "White Forks", "street_address": "71116 Ray Mall", "zip_code": "05014", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "171116316761008", "ASN": "0768114475809", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "S2 Acoustic Guitar Trans Red Burst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Adam Black", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Adam Black S2 is a great all-round beginners guitar. It features a laminated spruce top and laminated mahogany back and sides. With standard bracing it helps to deliver clear and pleasant tones. A comfortable neck ensures great playability. This is key when you are just starting out. The Dreadnought body shape is one of the most versatile. It is a great strummer and will handle finger picking too. Exceptional value for money and a good step ahead of most entry level instrument.

", "SalesPrice": 119.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/171116316761008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 2, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2017-11-22T10:58:22.15", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-02-29T18:58:00", "OrderTotal": 119.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3200, "CustomerId": 5106, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rositabury", "street_name": "White Forks", "street_address": "71116 Ray Mall", "zip_code": "05014", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220906392184008", "ASN": "717669765873", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Acoustasonic Player Jazzmaster Shell Pink Rosewood Fingerboard ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Fender continues to explore the sonic possibilities of an acoustic-electric hybrid guitar with the Acoustasonic® Player Jazzmaster®. Purposefully streamlined and equally versatile, this guitar intuitively transitions from acoustic to electric voices with the 3-way switch, or from clean to driven with a turn of the Blend Knob. The Acoustasonic® Player Jazzmaster® delivers unlimited inspiration, versatility, and accessibility for the next generation of modern musicians.\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220906392184008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 8, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 4, "CreatedOn": "2022-09-07T11:57:22.1", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-10-19T00:06:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3201, "CustomerId": 7719, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Mayshire", "street_name": "Bauch Parks", "street_address": "617 Mann River", "zip_code": "29767", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230428404493008", "ASN": "687700224167", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Premier Lexington LS Satin Vintage Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "D'Angelico", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Premier Lexington LS is an entry-level non-cutaway dreadnought boasting a big sound and remarkable value. Featuring a satin mahogany finish for a classic aesthetic and slim C-shape neck profile for maximum player comfort, the Lexington LS is an ideal instrument for the budding singer-songwriter—and an onboard preamp/tuner makes for a seamless transition to the stage. Equal parts chimey and rich in tone, the Lexington LS offers balance across the tonal spectrum. \r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 139.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230428404493008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-05-09T09:16:12.43", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-08-04T15:00:00", "OrderTotal": 139.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3202, "CustomerId": 4217, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Elanorside", "street_name": "Kuphal Track", "street_address": "274 Luise Street", "zip_code": "85978", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201102363630025", "ASN": "4549763279453", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AAD100E Open Pore Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Advanced Acoustic series represents an important step forward in the long \r\nand storied tradition of the acoustic guitar. In what amounts to a fully \r\nreimagined acoustic experience, these instruments were designed from the ground \r\nup to deliver a richer, brighter, and louder tone, with an unprecedentedly wide \r\ndynamic range. With slightly larger than typical proportions, we decided to name \r\nthis new body shape the “Grand Dreadnought.” This reinvented design achieves a \r\nsuperb, powerful sound, and thanks to the extensive consideration given to the \r\nergonomics, it’s extremely comfortable to play. The Advanced Acoustic series \r\npushes the acoustic guitar to new heights, in a way that promises an exciting \r\nnew experience for all players.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 499.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201102363630025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2021-01-05T12:25:58.85", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-12-21T00:52:00", "OrderTotal": 499.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3203, "CustomerId": 4217, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Elanorside", "street_name": "Kuphal Track", "street_address": "274 Luise Street", "zip_code": "85978", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230406403305025", "ASN": "00887766111184", "Category": "ACSTD", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Mahogany Stand Dark Finish", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Crafted with neo-tropical mahogany, this beautiful guitar stand showcases \r\nyour Taylor guitar in style while keeping it safe and off the floor. Its compact \r\nfootprint makes it a great choice for any setting, from your home practice room \r\nto the studio and the stage.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 54.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230406403305025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-04-18T11:55:51.487", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-08-31T19:49:00", "OrderTotal": 54.99, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3204, "CustomerId": 4805, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Daysi", "street_name": "Richie Road", "street_address": "29512 Gleichner Trail", "zip_code": "82293-8517", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170202307197008", "ASN": "04515276877479", "Category": "GUBA_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SR306EB-WK Weathered Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
For 30 years the SR has given bass players a modern alternative. With its continued popularity, Ibanez is constantly endeavoring to answer the wider needs of a variety of players, at a variety of budgets. But no matter what the specs, the heart is the same-SR continues to excite with its smooth, fast neck, lightweight body, and perfectly matched electronics.\r\n

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 429.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/170202307197008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2017-05-31T15:05:29.443", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-09-05T12:24:00", "OrderTotal": 429.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3205, "CustomerId": 4805, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Daysi", "street_name": "Richie Road", "street_address": "29512 Gleichner Trail", "zip_code": "82293-8517", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180109320583008", "ASN": "4260279934062", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "00MSE", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: \r\nguitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were \r\nflooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 279.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/180109320583008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-08T15:17:22.967", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-01-17T10:43:00", "OrderTotal": 279.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3206, "CustomerId": 4805, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Lake Daysi", "street_name": "Richie Road", "street_address": "29512 Gleichner Trail", "zip_code": "82293-8517", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180502326990008", "ASN": "812309025857", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Masterworks MD60BG Dreadnought Bluegrass ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Alvarez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
With clear purpose we set out to build a market leading, all-solid \r\nDreadnought designed for the flatpicker and powerful strummer in mind. The \r\nMD60BG’s deliver on all fronts.

\r\n
These superbly dressed guitars are super responsive with clear, powerful bass \r\nand sparkling trebles. It’s cosmetics pay tribute to traditional Bluegrass \r\nguitars with open gear nickel tuners, classic inlays, high quality tortoiseshell \r\nstyle pickguard and even a slightly extended fingerboard.

\r\n
Nothing can really match a guitar made from all-solid wood. The deflection of \r\nthe notes is quicker, the quality of the sound is better, you can obtain optimal \r\nresponse and the sound of your guitar will improve as it ages.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 549.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/180502326990008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2019-01-07T12:43:00.23", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-02-12T08:40:00", "OrderTotal": 549.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3207, "CustomerId": 9046, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Josue", "street_name": "Kendal Road", "street_address": "634 Schmitt Haven", "zip_code": "61436", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "150603284958002", "ASN": "4957812668224", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "F310 Tobacco Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Using select tonewoods and stable, reliable hardware the guitar features a spruce top, and has meranti back and sides to give a well balanced tone which is bright and responsive.Yamaha’s legendary quality control ensures that the guitar is setup to the same spec as our professional models and offers an outstanding playing experience. If you’re looking for an amazing affordable guitar, the F310 is the one for you.", "SalesPrice": 129.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/150603284958002.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:32:03.5562032+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-05-15T19:58:00", "OrderTotal": 129.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3208, "CustomerId": 5694, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Anissafurt", "street_name": "Trantow Cove", "street_address": "617 Koepp Fall", "zip_code": "09083", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170809313187008", "ASN": "885978822140", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FB405 Electric Bass Gig Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Fender's F405 Series gig bag is a stylish and affordable way to keep your electric bass safe while traveling. Its durable outer layer is constructed of tough 400 Denier polyester that protects against impacts and also avoids ripping and tearing. Its interior is filled with 5mm padding lined with soft touch velour that keeps your instrument snug and secure while preventing potential finish damage.The F405 gig bag also comes with a comfortable two-piece handle and ergonomic backpack straps, so you can comfortably carry your instrument without any unnecessary physical strain. Plus, the front slip pocket offers additional storage for small accessories.", "SalesPrice": 23.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/140/170809313187008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2017-08-15T17:00:05.583", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-10-25T15:58:00", "OrderTotal": 23.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3209, "CustomerId": 5694, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Anissafurt", "street_name": "Trantow Cove", "street_address": "617 Koepp Fall", "zip_code": "09083", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230901412569001", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "EG540C (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Takamine", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The G Series offers more sizes, colors, woods than in any other family of models that we offer. Made to our strict specifications, G Series instruments represent exceptionall", "SalesPrice": 329.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230901412569001f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 11, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-08T13:01:41.163", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-10-28T15:06:00", "OrderTotal": 329.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3210, "CustomerId": 5694, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Anissafurt", "street_name": "Trantow Cove", "street_address": "617 Koepp Fall", "zip_code": "09083", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230705407566008", "ASN": "717669537609", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Highway Dreadnought Rosewood Fingerboard All Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
At the intersection of time-honored acoustic guitar craft and relentless innovation, Highway Series instruments transport players to a new era of performance in a way that only Fender can. Merging a thin, ergonomic form factor and a groundbreaking Fishman Fluence Acoustic Pickup system designed around a revolutionary bracing structure, Highway Series guitars exhibit the tactile charm and unplugged resonance of acoustics twice their size, adding unmatched on-lap comfort for a truly unique acoustic experience.

Crafted with either a solid Sitka spruce or genuine Mahogany top inlaid into a fully chambered Mahogany body, Highway Series guitars are engineered with a proprietary internal architecture including a tapered floating X bracing pattern and inventive thinline design, producing remarkable resonance and dynamic, organic tone. With fidelity and performance at its core, the Fishman Fluence Acoustic Pickup system incorporates an elegantly curved magnetic Fluence Core pickup with innovative all-analog technology to deliver pure and truly musical amplified tone with astonishing sonic realism, clarity and feedback resistance.

The Fender Highway Series represents not a revision, but a re-imagining of the acoustic experience, inviting players to throw away the map and get lost on the open road of creativity.

", "SalesPrice": 899.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230705407566008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-08-11T09:57:17.61", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-07-06T23:18:00", "OrderTotal": 899.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3211, "CustomerId": 3691, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Mattieview", "street_name": "Willetta Throughway", "street_address": "5591 Nicol Fall", "zip_code": "57533-9669", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "160406296795008", "ASN": "4957812607902", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "LS-TA Transacoustic Concert Brown Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "There’s nothing so inspiring as playing guitar in a great sounding room – it makes you play better, longer and with more creativity. The Yamaha TransAcoustic Guitar recreates that incredible experience without needing any external amplification or effects, just the guitar itself. It’s the most inspiring acoustic guitar you’ve ever played.", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/160406296795008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:32:04.0094234+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-07-04T23:33:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3212, "CustomerId": 3691, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Mattieview", "street_name": "Willetta Throughway", "street_address": "5591 Nicol Fall", "zip_code": "57533-9669", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "210121366243025", "ASN": "885978699056", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FAS405 Small Body Acoustic Gig Bag, Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Fender's F405 Series small body acoustic gig bag is a stylish and affordable way to keep your dreadnought acoustic guitar safe while traveling. Its durable outer layer is constructed of tough 600 Denier polyester that protects against impacts and also avoids ripping and tearing. Its interior is filled with 5mm padding lined with soft nylon that keeps your instrument snug and secure while preventing potential finish damage. This gig bag also comes with a comfortable two-piece handle and ergonomic backpack straps, so you can comfortably carry your instrument without any unnecessary physical strain. Plus, the front slip pocket offers additional storage for small accessories.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 25.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/210121366243025f2.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2021-01-21T17:11:01.957", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-29T09:49:00", "OrderTotal": 25.99, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3213, "CustomerId": 3691, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Mattieview", "street_name": "Willetta Throughway", "street_address": "5591 Nicol Fall", "zip_code": "57533-9669", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230817411784025", "ASN": "729789647595", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "SC-10E Sapele", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
It’s time to rethink what an acoustic-electric guitar can do. Do you \r\nwant to play leads all the way up the neck? Play longer? Play louder? Now you \r\ncan with this super-comfortable, easy-to-play acoustic-electric from Martin. The \r\nSC-10E-02, with its patented Sure Align® neck system, gives you full access to \r\nall frets so you can comfortably reach those high notes.

\r\n
It’s also equipped with a low-profile velocity neck barrel that \r\nergonomically accommodates your hand as you move up the neck, giving you the \r\ncomfort and playability of an electric. The affordably priced SC-10E-02 includes \r\na satin finished sapele top, back, and sides for a warm, yet crisp tone. It \r\nfeatures a Richlite® fingerboard and bridge with mother-of-pearl pattern inlay \r\nthat is complemented by a rosewood pattern HPL headplate,  and chrome enclosed \r\ngear tuners. To top it off, it comes with a softshell case for ultimate \r\nportability.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230817411784025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-08-30T14:54:31.25", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-04-23T05:56:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3214, "CustomerId": 3691, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Mattieview", "street_name": "Willetta Throughway", "street_address": "5591 Nicol Fall", "zip_code": "57533-9669", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180116321010008", "ASN": "0768114475656", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "O2 Folk Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Adam Black", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Adam Black Guitar Company, based in Essex, creates a range of guitars to meet the high standards set by today's guitarists.

", "SalesPrice": 119.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/180116321010008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2018-04-09T10:54:27.88", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-12-16T03:07:00", "OrderTotal": 119.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3215, "CustomerId": 4950, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "North Claribelside", "street_name": "Delphia Coves", "street_address": "3093 Williamson Ferry", "zip_code": "54052-1434", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "191223353007008", "ASN": "4549763230966 ", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AEG50 Dark Honey Burst High Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The AEG Series' slender, single-cutaway bodies deliver powerful and balanced acoustic sound, unplugged or through an amp or PA system. These guitars combine easy playability, classic solid and sunburst finishes and mahogany bodies with spruce tops to create a quality, workhorse acoustic guitar that will rise to any occasion. High quality Fishman® Sonicore pickups and Ibanez preamps with onboard tuners provide the sparkling tones that sound great in any venue.\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/191223353007008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2020-04-09T16:36:30.23", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-02-11T17:03:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3216, "CustomerId": 6966, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Krissy", "street_name": "McCullough Cape", "street_address": "710 Toy Mountain", "zip_code": "55030", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230426404435025", "ASN": "885978896196", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Redondo Mini Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Redondo Mini packs a big punch into a smaller sized acoustic guitar. \r\nFeaturing a spruce top paired with mahogany back and sides, this guitar has a 22 \r\n¾\" scale length, but delivers the tone of a full-sized guitar. Like all models \r\nin the California Series, the Redondo Mini features a 6-in-line Strat headstock \r\ninspired by Fender’s electric legacy.

\r\n
Other premium features include a walnut fingerboard and bridge, Nubone nut \r\nand saddle.Whether you’re a young, aspiring player looking for a smaller \r\ninstrument, or simply looking for a top-notch guitar that’s easy to travel with, \r\nthe Redondo Mini has you covered.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 189.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230426404435025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-05-05T16:00:44.69", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-01-12T02:58:00", "OrderTotal": 189.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3217, "CustomerId": 6966, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Krissy", "street_name": "McCullough Cape", "street_address": "710 Toy Mountain", "zip_code": "55030", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200109353770008", "ASN": "4957812657624", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "NCX1CNT Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Yamaha® NCX1 acoustic-electric nylon-string\r\nguitar’s contemporary appearance, traditional neck\r\nprofile, and advanced electronics make it an excellent\r\nchoice for nylon-string players seeking superior amplified\r\nsound. While at home in any setting, the NCX1\r\nguitar’s strap buttons and consistent sound regardless of\r\nvolume level make it of particular interest to performing\r\nguitarists.

\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 399.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/200109353770008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 4, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-01-14T16:58:14.307", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-01-17T18:26:00", "OrderTotal": 399.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3218, "CustomerId": 6966, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Krissy", "street_name": "McCullough Cape", "street_address": "710 Toy Mountain", "zip_code": "55030", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201130364575025", "ASN": "711106480022", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "J-200EC Studio Parlor Vintage Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The J-200 EC Studio Parlor reimagines the historic J-200™ Jumbo as a smaller ‘parlor’-sized acoustic/electric made easy for traveling. Other features include a solid spruce top, Grover® Mini-Rotomatic® tuners, and new this year, the Fishman® Sonicore™ pickup and Presys™ II preamp system.

", "SalesPrice": 499.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201130364575025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 4, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2021-12-22T14:32:05.077", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-01-19T06:44:00", "OrderTotal": 499.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3219, "CustomerId": 6966, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Krissy", "street_name": "McCullough Cape", "street_address": "710 Toy Mountain", "zip_code": "55030", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220302382182027", "ASN": "5060943690190", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "B-225-EG Premium 25mm Electric Guitar Gig Bag", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ordo", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Ordo is a new brand of solid, rugged and reliable accessories designed by musicians for musicians. Each product in the Ordo range has been made to offer a specific solution for the gigging musician: whether it’s a tough-wearing gig bag, a robust stand or a high quality cable, Ordo has what you need at a price that represents great value.

", "SalesPrice": 64.99, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220302382182027f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-10-28T10:04:22.817", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-03-01T01:32:00", "OrderTotal": 64.99, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3220, "CustomerId": 3804, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rempelfort", "street_name": "Ryan Corner", "street_address": "17542 Jerde Prairie", "zip_code": "26863-9679", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230927413882004", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "NCX3NT Natural (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Yamaha NCX3 acoustic-electric nylonstring\r\nguitar’s contemporary appearance,\r\ntraditional neck profile, and Atmosfeel pickup\r\nsystem make it an excellent choice for nylonstring\r\nplayers seeking superior amplified sound.\r\nWhile at home in any setting, the NCX3 guitar’s\r\nstrap buttons and consistent sound regardless\r\nof volume level make it of particular interest to\r\nperforming guitarists.

\r\n\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 669.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230927413882004f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-03T15:30:25.073", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-06-17T16:01:00", "OrderTotal": 669.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3221, "CustomerId": 3804, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rempelfort", "street_name": "Ryan Corner", "street_address": "17542 Jerde Prairie", "zip_code": "26863-9679", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230706409118008", "ASN": "5051548019042", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "V300VSB Folk Guitar- Solid Top-Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Vintage", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
It didn’t take long for guitarists around the world to realise, that the Vintage V300 Acoustic Folk Guitar is far from an affordable, start-up, beginner guitar.

\n
Players love the great looks of the Eastern mahogany body, the warm, mid-range focused output and dynamic delivery of this superb tonewood. Solid spruce is the choice for the soundboard, perfect for its light sonic characteristics, delivering a bright clear tone, ideal for big chord projection, solo note runs and intricate fingerpicking.

\n
The aesthetics and features of the Vintage V300 Acoustic Folk Guitar, immediately conjure up an image of models costing three times as much, with a palm-friendly Eastern mahogany neck, super smooth, bound fingerboard with dot inlays, multi-ply body bindings, Eastern mahogany bridge, decorative soundhole rosette and smooth-geared machine heads.

\n
The biggest problem for potential owners is deciding on one of five stunning finishes: Natural~Vintage Sunburst~Black~Mahogany~Antiqued.

", "SalesPrice": 199.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230706409118008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-17T15:06:26.403", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-07-27T17:52:00", "OrderTotal": 199.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3222, "CustomerId": 3804, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rempelfort", "street_name": "Ryan Corner", "street_address": "17542 Jerde Prairie", "zip_code": "26863-9679", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230428404493008", "ASN": "687700224167", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Premier Lexington LS Satin Vintage Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "D'Angelico", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Premier Lexington LS is an entry-level non-cutaway dreadnought boasting a big sound and remarkable value. Featuring a satin mahogany finish for a classic aesthetic and slim C-shape neck profile for maximum player comfort, the Lexington LS is an ideal instrument for the budding singer-songwriter—and an onboard preamp/tuner makes for a seamless transition to the stage. Equal parts chimey and rich in tone, the Lexington LS offers balance across the tonal spectrum. \r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 139.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230428404493008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 5, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-05-09T09:16:12.43", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-07-01T14:54:00", "OrderTotal": 139.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3223, "CustomerId": 3804, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Rempelfort", "street_name": "Ryan Corner", "street_address": "17542 Jerde Prairie", "zip_code": "26863-9679", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220519385777008", "ASN": "", "Category": "ACSTD", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Travlite Folk Stand", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Hercules", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The HERCULES TravLite Folk Instrument Stand GS303B is solid, sturdy and \r\ncompact. Designed for Banjos, Mandolins, Ukuleles, and Violins.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 25.19, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220519385777008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-06-02T15:21:33.073", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-11-26T08:48:00", "OrderTotal": 25.19, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3224, "CustomerId": 8878, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Raelenehaven", "street_name": "Major Causeway", "street_address": "90979 Garret Bridge", "zip_code": "56837-8724", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170327309336008", "ASN": "711106701202", "Category": "GUBA_14", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Thunderbird Vintage Pro Tobacco Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Epiphone Thunderbird Vintage PRO Bass is an incredibly accurate \r\nreproduction of the classic electric bass first introduced in 1963 that has \r\nsince powered dozens of hits by artists like The Who, Lynyrd Skynyrd, and Cheap \r\nTrick. Featuring new ProBuckerTM Bass Humbuckers and a vintage styled 60s \r\nTune-o-matic bridge and Claw tailpiece.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/170327309336008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-04-03T10:42:21.963", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-08-05T19:35:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3225, "CustomerId": 5934, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Reathachester", "street_name": "Hyatt Stravenue", "street_address": "852 Kent Trace", "zip_code": "82891", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230824412117001", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "000-X2E Electro-Acoustic (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The X Series 000X2 is a beautiful 000 guitar from Martin. This is a large-bodied guitar with a detailed tone and features a stunning spruce top, \r\nmahogany back and sides, Martin's X-Brace bracing system, a high-performance taper neck and a Fishman MX pickup. This grand example of the X Series would make a good investment for students or reliable gigging guitar for professional musicians.

", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230824412117001f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-04T14:34:06.953", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-12-04T21:14:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3226, "CustomerId": 5934, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Reathachester", "street_name": "Hyatt Stravenue", "street_address": "852 Kent Trace", "zip_code": "82891", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "190326341258008", "ASN": "0768114280090", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "M1S Satin Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "EastCoast", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 149.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/190326341258008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2019-08-02T10:28:37.403", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-09-22T07:01:00", "OrderTotal": 149.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3227, "CustomerId": 5934, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Reathachester", "street_name": "Hyatt Stravenue", "street_address": "852 Kent Trace", "zip_code": "82891", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230706409225008", "ASN": "5051548037947", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Historic Series Folk Electro-Acoustic Guitar Vintage Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Vintage", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
With a beautiful satin top coat over a gorgeous Vintage Sunburst finish, the Vintage Historic Series Parlour electro-acoustic guitar, radiates class in every sense of the word.

\n
Stunning cosmetic features for this beautiful model also include contrasting black/white/black body binding and soundhole rosette design, classic 3-aside headstock with gold Vintage logo, and attractive split-block, white inlaid fingerboard position markers.

\n
With a lightweight mahogany-spruce construction, and an exceptionally smooth 20 fret fingerboard, the small bodied Vintage Historic Series Parlour electro-acoustic excels as a ‘player’, with a size-defying long-throw output and exceptional tone.

\n
For decades, spruce soundboards have been a favourite with luthiers around the world. This is a tonewood renowned for its strength to weight ratio, natural tight grain pattern and the ability to effortlessly deliver a well rounded tonal response and note separation, from the most delicate fingerpicking to heavily strummed chord patterns.

\n
Mahogany itself is a superb choice for the back, sides and neck, which widens the tonal range with extended low frequencies, pronounced lower-mids and mellow sweet highs.

\n
Electronics include a Vintage preamp with individual Volume, Bass, Middle and Treble EQ controls, specifically designed to deliver superb tonality of the guitar’s natural tonewood characteristics uncolored, to external sources such as mixing desks, amps, monitors or PA systems. There’s also a very handy built-in tuner and battery check indicator.

\n
Smooth action tulip button machine heads ensure stable tuning and, fitted with high quality USA made strings as standard, the compact Vintage Historic Series Parlour electro-acoustic guitar, performs and sounds as good as it looks, the ideal choice for home, stage or studio and the perfect travel guitar.

", "SalesPrice": 169.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230706409225008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-17T15:55:03.64", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-10-15T11:34:00", "OrderTotal": 169.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3228, "CustomerId": 4600, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Debiborough", "street_name": "Beer Common", "street_address": "686 Brown Lakes", "zip_code": "01331", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230706409115008", "ASN": "5051548019943", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "V300MH Folk Guitar- Solid Top- Mahogany Series", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Vintage", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
It didn’t take long for guitarists around the world to realise, that the Vintage V300 Acoustic Folk Guitar is far from an affordable, start-up, beginner guitar.

\n
Players love the great looks of the Eastern mahogany body, the warm, mid-range focused output and dynamic delivery of this superb tonewood. Acoustic guitars with mahogany bodies, solid mahogany soundboards and necks, are renowned for their characteristically warm, woody, mellow tone and sustain. The Vintage V300 ‘Mahogany’ Acoustic Folk Guitar, excels as a delicate fingerpicking or aggressive rhythm instrument.

\n
The aesthetics and features of the Vintage V300 Acoustic Folk Guitar, immediately conjure up an image of models costing three times as much, with a palm-friendly Eastern mahogany neck, super smooth, bound fingerboard with dot inlays, multi-ply body bindings, Eastern mahogany bridge, decorative soundhole rosette and smooth geared machine heads.

", "SalesPrice": 199.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230706409115008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-17T15:01:15.337", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-03-15T13:05:00", "OrderTotal": 199.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3229, "CustomerId": 4600, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Debiborough", "street_name": "Beer Common", "street_address": "686 Brown Lakes", "zip_code": "01331", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "190819347537008", "ASN": "00729789584746", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "X Series DX1E", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Martin", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Martin took the DXK2AE and re-imagined it. The result is the D-X1E. The top, back \r\nand sides of this new guitar are constructed from a gorgeous, koa-pattern \r\nhigh-pressure laminate (HPL), generated from premium Hawaiian koa that was \r\nspecially selected from Martin's wood stores. It is equipped with Fishman MX \r\nelectronics and strung with Martin's Authentic Acoustic Lifespan 2.0 Strings. \r\nAll this gives the D-X1E a great look to match its room-filling sound.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 579.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/190819347537008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2019-08-21T11:54:57.363", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-01-19T02:09:00", "OrderTotal": 579.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3230, "CustomerId": 4600, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Debiborough", "street_name": "Beer Common", "street_address": "686 Brown Lakes", "zip_code": "01331", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "171011315393008", "ASN": "885978872411", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "G9221 Bobtail Steel Roundneck Resonator A/E Katalox Fingerboard", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Gretsch", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "With innovation at its core, the all-new G9221 Bobtail Steel will impress your audience with its sweet quality of tone at cutting volumes. Incorporating a special combination of an all-steel body with our renowned Gretsch Ampli-Sonic™ “Spider” cone diaphragm of 99 percent pure aluminum, the Bobtail Steel offers a new tonal signature for your musical creations. Other features include a round mahogany neck, Katalox fingerboard, Grover® Sta-Tite™ machine heads and Fishman® Nashville pickup.", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/171011315393008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 11, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-06-15T16:27:37.633", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-03-01T09:15:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3231, "CustomerId": 4633, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kaitlinmouth", "street_name": "Davis Pines", "street_address": "1731 Emard Row", "zip_code": "81258-7822", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170602310989008", "ASN": "4957812325028", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GF370BL F370 Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Widely acknowledged for the high quality and consistency across a wide range of instruments, from entry level to high-end.\r\nYamaha is widely recognized as the choice of musical instrument for students and teachers. Yamaha instruments are used throughout the world by beginners and pro musicians alike.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 169.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/170602310989008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2017-06-02T16:19:25.32", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-04T06:44:00", "OrderTotal": 169.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3232, "CustomerId": 4633, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kaitlinmouth", "street_name": "Davis Pines", "street_address": "1731 Emard Row", "zip_code": "81258-7822", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230610406362002", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FV Venus Cutaway/Electro Natural Series (Pre-Owned) ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Faith", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Venus is the now iconic shape that brought Faith Guitars to the consciousness of so many players over the years. The combination of a 15\" lower bout and a slimmer depth of body looks to classic OM or Auditorium body-shapes for inspiration, and makes the Venus the perfect compromise.

", "SalesPrice": 649.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230610406362002f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-07T15:42:20.233", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-08-17T21:21:00", "OrderTotal": 649.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3233, "CustomerId": 4633, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kaitlinmouth", "street_name": "Davis Pines", "street_address": "1731 Emard Row", "zip_code": "81258-7822", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PXP230927413878002-11199074", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Academy 12e Grand Concert (Pre-Owned) #2207301386", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Taylor", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Taylor Academy 12e is a fantastic acoustic guitar, designed to be comfortable and very easy to play. It features high quality yet affordable materials, making it great value for money.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 499.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PXP230927413878002-11199074f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-11T09:43:40.38", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-04-07T07:16:00", "OrderTotal": 499.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3234, "CustomerId": 4633, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Kaitlinmouth", "street_name": "Davis Pines", "street_address": "1731 Emard Row", "zip_code": "81258-7822", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "C221116396458008", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_BG", "Online": true, "ItemName": "G1 Pistachio Acoustic Pack", "Title": "", "BrandName": "EastCoast", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 119.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/C221116396458008f4.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 6, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2022-11-24T10:46:03.717", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-09T18:36:00", "OrderTotal": 119.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3235, "CustomerId": 9497, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pricechester", "street_name": "Lynch Rapids", "street_address": "15587 Schowalter Vista", "zip_code": "67751-5659", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230922413705008", "ASN": "190262060031", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "GLD11E Natural (Ex-Demo)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Takamine", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Takamine GLD11E NS offers the classic sound of a dreadnought-shaped guitar, with\r\nthe added benefit of a shorter 630mm scale length for a softer, warmer tone. The okoume\r\ntop and back and sides provide a rustic, rootsy sound with robust fundamental tones.\r\nAmplify your performance with the built-in TP-3G electronics, featuring a 3-band EQ and\r\nchromatic tuner for easy tone adjustments.

", "SalesPrice": 199.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230130399880008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-09-26T14:59:43.567", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-30T00:11:00", "OrderTotal": 199.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3236, "CustomerId": 9497, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pricechester", "street_name": "Lynch Rapids", "street_address": "15587 Schowalter Vista", "zip_code": "67751-5659", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220126380378008", "ASN": "819907022172", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "TW4BLB Winterleaf Blonde Barossa Red Gloss Blonde ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Tanglewood", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 449.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220126380378008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 3, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 9, "CreatedOn": "2022-02-24T14:54:02.81", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-04-23T02:40:00", "OrderTotal": 449.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3237, "CustomerId": 9497, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pricechester", "street_name": "Lynch Rapids", "street_address": "15587 Schowalter Vista", "zip_code": "67751-5659", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180423326466008", "ASN": "4260279935847", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "DT-45", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became difficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, were flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly endangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American companies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not take any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when “Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 875.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/180423326466008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-06-06T11:48:07.887", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-05-17T23:51:00", "OrderTotal": 875.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3238, "CustomerId": 9497, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pricechester", "street_name": "Lynch Rapids", "street_address": "15587 Schowalter Vista", "zip_code": "67751-5659", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220906392183008", "ASN": "717669765880", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Acoustasonic Player Jazzmaster 2-Colour Sunburst Rosewood Fingerboard", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Fender", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Fender continues to explore the sonic possibilities of an acoustic-electric hybrid guitar with the Acoustasonic® Player Jazzmaster®. Purposefully streamlined and equally versatile, this guitar intuitively transitions from acoustic to electric voices with the 3-way switch, or from clean to driven with a turn of the Blend Knob. The Acoustasonic® Player Jazzmaster® delivers unlimited inspiration, versatility, and accessibility for the next generation of modern musicians.\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 949.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220906392183008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 4, "CreatedOn": "2022-09-07T13:30:14.04", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-03-22T18:41:00", "OrderTotal": 949.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3239, "CustomerId": 2328, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Gil", "street_name": "Bergstrom Point", "street_address": "54318 Glenn Track", "zip_code": "83717", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180307324038008", "ASN": "080687607495", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "M80 Acoustic Guitar Sleeve Ash", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Mono", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The Sleeve Acoustic Guitar Case is designed to be a minimalist solution for traveling light and simple, where MONO's innovative protection and high quality construction standards merge into a super slim and stylish design.

", "SalesPrice": 165.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/180307324038008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2020-05-22T15:17:23.51", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-06-17T13:16:00", "OrderTotal": 165.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3240, "CustomerId": 2328, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Gil", "street_name": "Bergstrom Point", "street_address": "54318 Glenn Track", "zip_code": "83717", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230706409241008", "ASN": "5051548035714", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Statesboro Parlour Electro-Acoustic Whisky Sour", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Vintage", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
There’s an aura of 1930's blues about the Vintage Statesboro' Whisky Sour Series of acoustic and electro-acoustic guitars, designed by English guitarist and blues historian Paul Brett.

\n
These cool acoustic and electro-acoustic guitars, not only have that authentic ‘feel it in your bones’ innate blues emotion, there’s also a modern approach within playability and sound that amateur and professional players will appreciate.

\n
Available in dreadnought, concert and parlour body sizes, all models share that classic ‘bluesman on a budget’ theme, looking authentically cool in a satin matt, Whisky Sour finish highlighting the natural grain pattern of the all-mahogany construction and subtle soundhole rosette.

\n
Electro-acoustic fans are also in for a real treat, as all models are available as electro-acoustic guitars, with single cutaway bodies (parlour - full bodied) and an additional Vintage preamp with controls for volume, bass, middle and treble, phase switch, tuner display and low battery indicator.

\n
The warm, crisp resonant tone of the handpicked mahogany and palm-friendly neck profiles, smooth frets and a great action, make the Statesboro’ Whisky Sour Series acoustics, not merely an emotionally inspiring thrill for blues players, they’re also well-suited to a wide range of playing styles...and still wouldn’t look out of place on the front porch.

", "SalesPrice": 139.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230706409241008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-18T09:26:43.82", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-11-07T00:41:00", "OrderTotal": 139.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3241, "CustomerId": 2328, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Gil", "street_name": "Bergstrom Point", "street_address": "54318 Glenn Track", "zip_code": "83717", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "PX230709409727006", "ASN": "", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "P1JC (Pre-Owned)", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Takamine", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Massive tone pours from Takamine’s new Pro Series P1JC cutaway jumbo. This, \r\ntogether with the guitar’s smooth playability and state-of-the-art onboard \r\nelectronics, makes for a deeply satisfying acoustic experience both onstage and \r\noff.

\r\n
Great warmth, balance and harmonic richness resound from its “X”-braced solid \r\ncedar top and sapele back and sides. An elegant Venetian cutaway offers optimum \r\naccess to the upper registers.

\r\n
Other premium features include a mahogany neck and rosewood fingerboard with \r\npearl dot inlays. The unique Takamine split bone saddle bridge provides \r\nfaultless intonation and excellent acoustic coupling to the top.

\r\n
The P1JC also features chrome die-cast machine heads for superb tuning \r\nstability, a gloss natural-finish top on satin back and sides, and the highly \r\nacclaimed CT4BII preamp system with three-band EQ, volume control and built-in \r\ntuner.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 949.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/PX230709409727006f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 11, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-21T11:28:09.16", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-10-20T14:42:00", "OrderTotal": 949.0, "OrderStatus": 5 }, { "Id": 3242, "CustomerId": 2328, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "New Gil", "street_name": "Bergstrom Point", "street_address": "54318 Glenn Track", "zip_code": "83717", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "181218336204008", "ASN": "4549763175304", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AEWC300N Natural Browned Burst High Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Ibanez has long been researching and developing the highest levels of guitar playability. The AEWC300N features Nylon strings and a specially-designed body which has contour cuts on the guitar’s top and back. The instrument’s back contour and arched back sit comfortably snug against the player’s body. The Ibanez original cutaway is augmented with a special design on the back side, offering increased accessibility to higher fret positions. The 46mm thick nut also contributes to easier gripping at low positions for guitarists who are not familiar with Nylon strings. The Fishman® Pickup and Ibanez AEQ-SP2 Preamp deliver excellent sound reproduction, control of tonal characteristics and easy operation. The AEWC’s ¼” and XLR outputs provide options for a variety of direct plug-in applications. The combination of Solid Spruce top and flamed maple back-and-sides create rich acoustic sounds and an attractive visual profile. ", "SalesPrice": 469.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/150/181218336204008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 3, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-12-28T10:04:23.62", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2021-09-28T04:41:00", "OrderTotal": 469.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3243, "CustomerId": 2015, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Sauerbury", "street_name": "Bettyann Alley", "street_address": "565 Lindgren Haven", "zip_code": "51863-7803", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170106305824008", "ASN": "885978655083", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "G5021WPE Rancher Penguin Parlor Acoustic White", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Gretsch", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Surely one of the most fabulous Gretsch birds ever to take flight, the G5021E \r\nRancher™ Penguin™ Parlor Acoustic/Electric delivers classic Penguin style and \r\nappointments in a richly resonant parlor-size acoustic guitar.

\r\n
The Fishman® Presys III pickup/preamp system provides a modern sonic \r\ncomplement to classic touches including a solid spruce top with maple back and \r\nsides, gold sparkle neck and body binding, Neo-Classic™ “thumbnail” fingerboard \r\ninlays, a gold plexi pickguard, “vertical wing” Gretsch headstock logo, and \r\nmore.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 519.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/170106305824008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 2, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:32:07.6508229+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-09-20T01:10:00", "OrderTotal": 519.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3244, "CustomerId": 2015, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Sauerbury", "street_name": "Bettyann Alley", "street_address": "565 Lindgren Haven", "zip_code": "51863-7803", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "05062715033019", "ASN": "4957812496933", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "CS40 Classical 3/4 Size", "Title": "Next Day Delivery Available", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "Yamaha's CS range of nylon classical guitars offer 3/4 sized instruments perfect for those with a smaller frame. With 2-ply back and sides, ultra thin finishes and player focused design - the CS guitars are the first guitar of choice. \r\n", "SalesPrice": 115.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/05062715033019f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:32:07.760212+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-06-22T04:05:00", "OrderTotal": 115.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3245, "CustomerId": 6021, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Norman", "street_name": "Vannesa Villages", "street_address": "2953 Rachael Ridge", "zip_code": "69826-5365", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "200514359013025", "ASN": "4957812641517", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FGX800C Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The first choice in experiencing acoustic-electric music. Derived from FG800 which has the solid spruce top and nato/okume back and sides, FGX800C has a cutaway body and the electric system. Yamaha's proprietary under-saddle piezo pickup and System66 analog preamp ensure the solid plugged-in performance.", "SalesPrice": 429.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/200514359013025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2020-06-09T11:12:33.93", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-12-18T12:45:00", "OrderTotal": 429.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3246, "CustomerId": 9229, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pagacton", "street_name": "Dede Springs", "street_address": "41592 Yung Village", "zip_code": "16405-9961", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "220125380344008", "ASN": "850014868918", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Discovery S Companion Edgeburst CE Red Cedar/Mahogany", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Breedlove", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 629.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/220125380344008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-03-14T16:44:23.98", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-18T14:24:00", "OrderTotal": 629.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3247, "CustomerId": 9229, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pagacton", "street_name": "Dede Springs", "street_address": "41592 Yung Village", "zip_code": "16405-9961", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "170420309967008", "ASN": "4957812611596", "Category": "DKZ", "Online": true, "ItemName": "MX88 Synthesiser", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
The MX88 Music Synthesizer is the complete solution for the modern piano \r\nplayer, aspiring music producer\r\nand live performer. Boasting a realistic piano \r\ntouch - thanks to over 100 years of piano manufacturing experience - the MX88 \r\nfeatures an 88-note weighted GHS keyboard, modern synthesizer technology and \r\neasy connectivity to computers and iOS devices.

\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 999.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/130/170420309967008f1.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2017-04-20T12:22:43.3", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-01-25T21:53:00", "OrderTotal": 999.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3248, "CustomerId": 9229, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pagacton", "street_name": "Dede Springs", "street_address": "41592 Yung Village", "zip_code": "16405-9961", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "12122216033832", "ASN": "4515110038752", "Category": "GUAG_2", "Online": true, "ItemName": "PF1512 Natural", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
With PF Performance guitars, you get professional features, quality, and \r\ngreat sound at extremely inexpensive prices backed by the Ibanez name and \r\nquality.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 229.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/12122216033832f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-10-13T19:32:08.2758464+01:00", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-05-19T21:06:00", "OrderTotal": 229.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3249, "CustomerId": 9229, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Pagacton", "street_name": "Dede Springs", "street_address": "41592 Yung Village", "zip_code": "16405-9961", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "211213378235025", "ASN": "4549763304414", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AAD50 Low Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Advanced Acoustic series represents an important step forward in the long and storied tradition of the acoustic guitar. In what amounts to a fully reimagined acoustic experience, these instruments were designed from the ground up to deliver a richer, brighter, and louder tone, with an unprecedentedly wide dynamic range. With slightly larger than typical proportions, we decided to name this new body shape the “Grand Dreadnought.” This reinvented design achieves a superb, powerful sound, and thanks to the extensive consideration given to the ergonomics, it’s extremely comfortable to play. The Advanced Acoustic series pushes the acoustic guitar to new heights, in a way that promises an exciting new experience for all players.\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 219.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/211213378235025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2023-01-23T13:54:04.343", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2023-05-12T02:19:00", "OrderTotal": 219.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3250, "CustomerId": 6831, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "East Eloisa", "street_name": "Corkery Parks", "street_address": "271 Particia Prairie", "zip_code": "65622-5654", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201130364578025", "ASN": "711106331959", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Dove Studio Violinburst ", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Epiphone", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The Dove™ acoustic was first introduced at the legendary Gibson™ & Epiphone factory in Kalamazoo in 1962 and became one of the first acoustic guitars to become a recognized rock and roll classic. Now, both beginners and professionals can enjoy the classic sound of the Dove acoustically, or plugged in with the onboard Fishman® electronics. ", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/201130364578025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 10, "CreatedOn": "2021-04-13T11:16:09.04", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-10-30T07:48:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 3 }, { "Id": 3251, "CustomerId": 1415, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "Hoseashire", "street_name": "Wilderman Roads", "street_address": "1288 Connelly Brook", "zip_code": "06652", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "180122321366008", "ASN": "4957812615532", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "FS-TABS Brown Sunburst", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
There's nothing so inspiring as playing guitar in a great sounding room - it \r\nmakes you play better, longer and with more creativity. The Yamaha Transacoustic \r\nGuitar recreates that incredible experience without needing any external \r\namplification or effects, just the guitar itself. It's the most inspiring, \r\nengaging acoustic guitar you've ever played.

\r\n\r\n
*9 Volt battery not included.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 599.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/140/180122321366008.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 14, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2018-01-23T10:38:57.19", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2019-05-04T13:56:00", "OrderTotal": 599.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3252, "CustomerId": 8780, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Joseph", "street_name": "Quigley Point", "street_address": "3632 Heller Grove", "zip_code": "38267", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "171124318482008", "ASN": "649241878421", "Category": "ACGB", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Cymbal Case 22inch Black", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Mono", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
Fellow drummers, meet your new best friend. The Cymbal Case is equal parts \r\nperformance, protection, comfort and style. Your cymbals can make or break your \r\nsound, so take your sound with you to every gig. Wear it backpack style for \r\nthose long urban treks, or tuck the straps for an airport-friendly profile. \r\nSuper durable yet super light. Go Play®.

\r\n
360° PROTECTION
\r\n
RADIUS PIPING

\r\n
All our cases feature a hard-wearing sole and piping made of Hypalon - the \r\nsame industrial rubber used to create inflatable military rafts. This means the \r\nM80 cymbal pack won't wear through around the edges as most cymbal bags do.

\r\n
LUXURIOUS DIVIDERS

\r\n
Inside the Cymbal Case, 5 discrete, padded slots keep your cymbals protected \r\non the go. The high dividers cover each cymbal right up to the rim.

\r\n
SMART STORAGE
\r\n
CLIP/TUCK SHOULDER STRAPS

\r\n
A fully loaded cymbal case can get way too heavy. In the design process, we \r\ndiscovered that our backpack system with chest clip did wonders to distribute \r\nthe weight of all those cymbals. Unclip the shoulder strap to quickly stash them \r\nwhen you want them out of the way. Dedicated pockets for hi-hats (up to 15\") and \r\nsplash cymbals (up to 10\") keep those smaller cymbals safely separated.

\r\n
BUILT TO TOUR
\r\n
RIVETED HANDLE & INDUSTRIAL RUBBER SOLE

\r\n
Rock solid, industrial webbing handles come standard on MONO cases. Bar-tack \r\nstitching and steel rivets reinforce for strength, while high grade webbing \r\nprovides a super comfortable grip.

\r\n
All M80 cases feature a hard-wearing sole and piping made of Hypalon - the \r\nsame industrial rubber used to create inflatable military rafts. This sole \r\nsimply does not wear out.

\r\n
DIMENSIONS & FITTING
\r\n
LIKE A GLOVE

\r\n
The Cymbal Case safely holds an arsenal of cymbals, broken down as follows:

\r\n
\r\n
Main compartment - 5 individually padded slots with a 22\" max diameter
\r\n
Hi-hats pocket - 15\" max diameter
\r\n
Splash pocket - 10\" max diameter
\r\n
\r\n", "SalesPrice": 179.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/171124318482008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 15, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 7, "CreatedOn": "2022-08-02T17:01:02.203", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-08-09T05:27:00", "OrderTotal": 179.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3253, "CustomerId": 8780, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "South Joseph", "street_name": "Quigley Point", "street_address": "3632 Heller Grove", "zip_code": "38267", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "211109376655025", "ASN": "846940040597", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "Traditional Series E1OM Orchestra", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Eastman", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "", "SalesPrice": 529.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/211109376655025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 3, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2022-02-08T16:04:02.523", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2020-03-17T18:35:00", "OrderTotal": 529.0, "OrderStatus": 4 }, { "Id": 3254, "CustomerId": 1953, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Wyatt", "street_name": "Blair Station", "street_address": "46539 Deon Ridge", "zip_code": "35440", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "191223353010008", "ASN": "4549763231017 ", "Category": "GUAGCC_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "AEG50N Black High Gloss", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Ibanez", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "The AEG Series' slender, single-cutaway bodies deliver powerful and balanced acoustic sound, unplugged or through an amp or PA system. These guitars combine easy playability, classic solid and sunburst finishes, and intuitive electronics to create a quality, workhorse acoustic guitar that will rise to any occasion. High quality Ibanez under-saddle pickups and Ibanez preamps with onboard tuners provide sparkling tones that sound great in any environment.\r\n\r\n", "SalesPrice": 279.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/191223353010008f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 1, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 1, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-01-23T14:10:06.61", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-06-09T01:18:00", "OrderTotal": 279.0, "OrderStatus": 1 }, { "Id": 3255, "CustomerId": 1953, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Wyatt", "street_name": "Blair Station", "street_address": "46539 Deon Ridge", "zip_code": "35440", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "230713409822025", "ASN": "4957812676274", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "APX600M Natural Satin", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Yamaha", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
APX Series acoustic-electric guitars are among the world’s best-selling \r\ninstruments of their type. With its comfortable thinline body, easily accessible \r\nupper frets, superb playability, and natural acoustic tone, the APX600M guitar \r\nis perfectly suited for live performance.

\r\n", "SalesPrice": 299.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/170/230713409822025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 5, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2023-07-13T11:10:03.537", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-04-03T04:02:00", "OrderTotal": 299.0, "OrderStatus": 2 }, { "Id": 3256, "CustomerId": 1953, "ShippingAddress": { "city": "West Wyatt", "street_name": "Blair Station", "street_address": "46539 Deon Ridge", "zip_code": "35440", "country": "United States" }, "Products": [ { "SKU_ID": "201102363615025", "ASN": "4260279937445", "Category": "GUAG_1", "Online": true, "ItemName": "000MC-1E", "Title": "", "BrandName": "Sigma", "Description": null, "ProductDetail": "
In the late 1960s the situation for US guitar manufacturers became \r\ndifficult: guitars that were made in Japan, looking very similar to US guitars, \r\nwere flooding the market but at a much lower price. These guitars increasingly \r\nendangered the US manufacturers dominance on the market, and a few American \r\ncompanies reacted to that development in an appropriate manner: They did not \r\ntake any legal steps but instead launched a counter offensive. That’s when \r\n“Sigma Guitars” was born.

", "SalesPrice": 389.0, "PictureMain": "https://images.guitarguitar.co.uk/cdn/large/160/201102363615025f.jpg", "QtyInStock": 2, "QtyOnOrder": 0, "Colour": 7, "Pickup": 1, "BodyShape": 8, "CreatedOn": "2020-12-30T11:19:47.373", "ImageUrls": null } ], "DateCreated": "2022-06-03T01:49:00", "OrderTotal": 389.0, "OrderStatus": 2 } ]
